Claiming ownership of a positive trait isn't by default a brag, because by that logic, nobody can ever say anything positive about themselves if its true If a modest man says - "I'm a very modest person", he's stating something he knows to be true due to his own actions and the testament of others, by your logic, JUST BY HIM MERELY CLAIMING THE TRAIT HE KNOWS HE HAS, HE IS NO LONGER MODEST That is a very ridiculous, illogical and disingenuous framework to argue under, because one now cannot claim any trait even if its true or not, you can't assert anything I guess by that logic "I'm a nice person" "NICE PEOPLE DON'T EVER SAY THAT THEY ARE NICE DUUUUURR" You literally can't say anything good about yourself if we apply your logic universally BECAUSE CLAIMING THE TRAIT NULLIFIES POSSESSION OF THE TRAIT How To Kill Your Ego (Escape The Self Imposed Limitations Of Your Years Of Societal Indoctrination) | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate 1. You have to learn to stop thinking of yourself or anyone else for that matter, as someone who is "deserving of X" The entire concept of ego revolves around you thinking that you DESERVE something, once you acknowledge that you don't deserve anything and nobody deserves anything, your ego... incels.co
I come from the southern parts of Egypt, my people are disgusting inbred religious fanatics. Nothing good comes from my culture, we're ugly by middle east standards (grotesque by world standards), my people are stupid and uneducated (a good chunk of them probably believe the earth is flat). We're not good at anything, the only thing they can do is breed like rats so their filthy slums remain overpopulated with subhumans. Curries are better than us, ricecels are better than us, tribal Africans in grass skirts are better than us. @pp183 I'm looking forward to the ricecel colonization of Africa.
It is sad though. I mean, there is no room to come back from this situation. I am now 25 years old. What am I supposed to do? @stravinsky You told me that there might be a way, but this is the reality we live in. i really do not see a way out of this situation. It will start al lagain. The only job you can get is some low-level work. The employment agreements will be limited. This is a vicious circle for men. I also only see men at the employment agency. All females are coming with their children. This situation is so absurd I do not have words for this anymore. The payment is good? Moggs me.
this lol telling a beginner programmer to learn math is 4chan meme, they've never had a job and are armchair experts, wasted time on learning useless shit and now want to waste other people's lives it's like a dude asking for gym tips because he just wants to have a good looking abs on the beach and someone starts telling him what kind of protein he needs to buy and how to do his legs and back like he wanted to be a fucking bodybuilder first just learn programming, you can always learn more math if you will start noticing you need it but in a world where almost every programmer does web development that's unlikely
the funny thing is, Grotesque himself got banned for being fakecel. have you even read brother cocksucker's response to his ban appeal? we know for a fact that it WAS him: https://incels.co/threads/i-was-ban...lookism-thank-you-friends.112230/post-2260343 he's always said that he was a truecel with no chance and etc. and it turns out that he's rejected several females, said that he was very good looking, that being incel is about personality more than looks, has had sex several times... this is enough reason to throw him in the trash. why on Earth are you so against LARPers being banned? do you want to wallow in a shithole full of roleplaying pieces of garbage instead? you're the drone yourself, going with "whatever mods say is a lie". insomniac was shaming virgins over on discord and everyone knows it, and yet you're here telling us that he didn't deserve to be banned, along with uninstall. you are an ignorant idiot.
Anhedonia is a bitch I have to watch the most degenerate stuff too just to be able to feel 1% of what I used to feel. Remember being a teenager waking up with morning wood and enjoy a good fab more euphoric than anything I have felt in over half a decade, or back as a 12 year old the amount of euphoria just by jerking off to a girl in a bikini it was insane or remember back as a prime teenager how amazing masturbation felt, I could jerk off for up to two hours sometimes just edging to continue later it felt so euphoric! Now I basically feel nothing the penis has around 4000 nerves but it feels as if I only have 50 left.
yeah, my parents had to pay me to get it, they paid for lessons, paid for my car. i'm such a lazy shit i still use public transport in the rare instances i go out because i prefer it. fuck driving into the city and paying $20 a day for parking
Let's say someone in your family betrayed you in the most awful way you can imagine for example if you find out your mom is cheating on your dad, or if your brother steals all your savings, or if your sister yells at you and calls you a fucking loser. If this person asks you for forgiveness would you do it?
No. I need to get the f--k out of my VERY elderly mother's basement and travel the world. I mean leave the continent of North America. I never left The United States. Planes get less crowded after the holidays /New Years. I'm getting older (I am already old) and I need to travel the world. Once I croak, my money goes to someone else. I'm not loaded, but I can at least afford to travel to many countries. I just have to travel cheap. See if I can get airfares for a few hundred dollars. maybe I can try to pick up Black Women in Africa. I wonder how they wold react to me. I could blast disco music while walking around Africa. (Most Disco Singers are Back) I wonder how they would react.
Not necessarily true, a trained martial artist knows how to actually "throw a punch" and where to hit someone to knock them out quickly and efficiently, I have no such training, I have no idea how to throw a proper punch, so a trained woman who knows how to throw a punch, especially how to use the strength from her hip rotation and put it into the punch, can probably knock me out if I'm not careful, lets also not forget that fights like these can take place in public, and you need to be able to end the altercation quickly and leave before white knights descend upon you "Muh Instincts" is only a perk if you so much stronger than the person that skill makes no difference, so for an ogrecel this might work, but I'm 5ft 7In with minimal muscle mass, It would be stupid to underestimate a trained fighter who knows how to chin check me, and has more reach (like if she's taller)
Same. Even when I was gymmaxing. I went to see a doctor to see if there is something wrong with me. He made things difficult. Imagine if there were a genetic mutation that makes people lazy. In clown world, that would be like winning a lottery ticket. You could get free money from the state, and you could sue your employer for making you work too hard. Because you could say "I'm lazy but it's not my fault, it's my genes!". I suspect such condition exists, but doctors will diagnose it only if they have no other choice.
They always go for the gun grabbing. I mean clearly something pushed this guy over the edge. It not like a gun magically appears in his hands and mind controls him to go kill people. What is wrong with these people ingnoring the real problem, if a girl took 5 minutes to spread her legs the blood would not be on his hands.
lol funny and good article to read. love it although most incels know this. it is inherent in men to know this but society likes to brainwash men into thinking facts arent real. i mean anyone with a brain can see a younger girl has pure and pristine lips compared to a 40yo mother of 3. why? because too much sex and pussy stretching. that is why sex with any girl after 20 is going to suck so bad. they been slutting it up for a good 5-8 years by that point and have been stretched too much. even if they are not having much sex they are still using 8 inch dildos on themselves with high-powered vibrators that absolutely ruin their sensitivity and opening
I went to a coffee place recently by my old high school because it was closing. The woman there is the same that was there when I went to HS there and has been so for a while now. I asked about the state of kids and how she views them, she said every generation is getting progressively worse, and that the reason for this is the parents are trash and the younger the parents the more trash they are. Then I saw the kids and it's true, they're all mixed whatever the fuck race ugly abominations loitering and vaping, stealing shit left and right. Bullying kids who aren't whores (lol a blackpill in itself). Absolute trash people. She says to me, every year it only got worse. The kids are becoming more and more trash because their parents are too (unsurprising for the younger gen especially - they are growing up in a sexually liberated epic drug age with parents covered in tattoos). I was sad she was closing down tbh, she's an old foid and is nice to me. I would have been upset about the state of mutts on the rise right now, but now I don't care. I hope they run the country into the ground, which they will to some extent in the future.
Cannot post today, have to find cute loli waifu of culture who will go on adventure with me. Here in separatist Russia are only ugly old roasties but I would marry them. Stupid mother of housewife anti-culture always keeping me inside house, cannot go on adventure now because of her blet.
Urban Dictionary: incel aka "involuntarily celibate", a person (usually male) who has a horrible personality and treats women like sexual objects and thinks his lack of a sex life comes from being "ugly" when its really just his blatant sexism and terrible attitude. incels have little to no self awareness; even when... www.urbandictionary.com Incel - Wikipedia en.wikipedia.org they're probably more subhuman than us because they're bluepilled so they try to get sex by slandering us on wikipedia and UD and many more sites JFL at pathetic cucks
Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven To do aught good never will be our task, But ever to do ill our sole delight. All is not lost—the unconquerable will, And study of revenge, immortal hate, And courage never to submit or yield We may with more successful hope resolve To wage by force or guile eternal war, Irreconcilable to our grand Foe, Who now triumphs, and in th' excess of joy Sole reigning holds the tyranny of heaven.
Back in the good old days pageants were a way for incel tier judges to get to fuck some prime stacys in exchange for making them win the useless prize of being miss world or miss universe or whatever True Most "winners" of these things can easily be mogged by 5/10 beckys who surgerymaxxxed to become stacies
I'm a bonobo and I like to penis fence with other bonobos as well as butt fucking Also bonobos still mog even though they have low SMV Female bonobos have gay sex to improve their social status Bonobos are famous as one of the relatively few species that has sex simply for pleasure. But just because our primate cousins aren't reproducing doesn't mean they're only having fun — as revealed by a new study of bonobo lesbian relationships. io9.gizmodo.com
Thank god. I didnt click yet. If she has big tits, why do they have to write, that she is 11. What 11 year old has big tits in rl anyway? 14 would be totally fine or just leave the age away. Can u make a screenshot were she is clothed and nonsexualized? Kinda wanna see what you mean with weird tits.
As in ripped, I mean 10% bodyfat with visible abs thanks to lifting, healthy eating, etc. Like will say fatcel = volcel, but you can’t be a truecel if you don’t have the body of an Instagram fitness model while still being short and facially unattractive. People here will say that truecels are ugly but have Greek god bodies but I wanna know if that’s true or not. Not calling anyone here fat or anything (I don’t care if you are tbh) but the majority of us can’t be shredded. Fit, in shape? Sure. But ripped? Idk.
Tommarow is thankscucking a faggot ass soy ass holiday where a bunch of normalfaggots get together with their boomer gay ass family and eat unholy amounts of garbage ass food. FUCK THE HOLIDAYS FUCK FAMILY I HOPE EVERY ONE DIES FUCK ALL YOU HAPPY FAGGOTS I'm not thankful for anything im a subhuman ugly piece of genetic dead end flith trash with nothing in life.
"e-e-excuse me sirrrr but did you know cigarettes are bad for you ok!?" "s-sir did you just throw trash on campus grounds? you can get expelled for that!" "yeah rock music is nice but i usually prefer paganini and wagner" "this issue would be a great addition to my comic book collection" "does this have peanuts? sorry im allergic " "i prefer soy milk, its more sustainable" "thanks but i use anti-bacterial microfiber wipes" "the prius is a great car, whats not to like!"
If by farm you mean grow or earn money, it's a chore for sure! The thing about the woods is you need less money to survive. You can cook stuff over a fire. Make cheaper coffee. Etc... But in the city you have to spend more on premade foods or find it in the trash! There are a lot of variables. It depends on your woods skills too! If you don't mind eating weird wild foods you don't need to pay. Just find a meal under a ldar-ing log! Otoh. The city has trash! Once again depends on who is tossing stuff. College trash has resellable stuff. Clothing, sporting goods. And food trash near hotels. Kicked out folks trash can be great! Only limit is your adaptability! It's not the best solution. It's a forced option that most people can't handle. It's not a super lifestyle! It can really suck. It depends on your location. That's why i chose the woods. Less bastards less cops less problems with security...
I agree tbh, here let me shamelessly promote my thread on a similar topic. The selective endorsement of retribution, and the hypocritical notion of "justice" | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate I'd like to take a moment to explore a couple simple, hypothetical situations. A young boy's life is taken from him due to the actions of a murderer, and the manner of his death was particularly cruel. He was subdued on the outskirts of the town in which he lived, dragged some distance into a... incels.co
I always tought it mean to treat a person with politeness and education if they are females or not, needless to say the majority of foids never treated me like that and I'm not saying "OOOh I open the door for her and she didn't fuck me Hur dur." that cucktears want to believe. All I'm saying is to be educated, not laugh and make me the joke even tho I didn't even look at them. I just want to be seeing as a human.
One time I was walking around a flea market and a cop saw me and told me "what are you hiding. Show me it." And I got confused and said "what?" And he said, "I'm not stupid just show me what you're hiding" and I was genuinely so confused. Then I realized he thought I was hiding a big knife because I was kneeling down. What a dumb faggot lol
Cope. I know foids who IQmog me. I recognize the names of good number of foids without having to run a Google search. There's a few reasons why there are idiots in higher education: quite frankly, their standards are low. I'm convinced that if your standardized test scores are below the 50th percentile in your country, you should think long and hard before choosing to spend money on a degree you might not be able to finish. Grade inflation and "curving" is another issue: it's a practice that rewards lazy students. If everyone gets an "A", it means nothing. There's also the fact that high schools, generally, do a terrible job when it comes to imparting knowledge. This is evident every time an election comes around, and some pundit or politician says something so incredibly stupid that geographers, economists, and statisticians face-palm when they hear it.
I tried getting out of my room so I could go outside but then I try to do things and I keep failing. I suck at every outdoor activity that involves physical objects and their manipulation. And I know it's because of my low IQ. Realizing just how dumb I am makes me even more depressed, just go outside theory my ass.
Yeah and Communism is definitely based on merit where a person who spent a huge amount of time studying and then working hard on his business day and night is forced to give his wealth because some stupid low iq peasant felt that it is """""unfair"""""" that he is rich. The peasant looks at his success but forgets how hard he worked for it. Then they say hurr Durr they are nothing without the workers but the reality is if he was the incharge he wouldn't achieve jackshit , why because he lacks the skills to achieve the success he had. See something? Wealth inequality exists because well some people are better and more hardworking than others, they develop skills and knowledge which are key to success (although it isn't guaranteed). Why doesn't Chad with his Superior genetics earn as much as the manlet curry with CS degree? Because the curry worked hard all through his childhood and college while Chad was busy """""""""""exploring the world"""""""""". Now you Communist say that this is unfair and the wealth should be equally distributed irrespective of a job. So a doctor should earn aa much as a manual labourer. How is this not extremely flawed and supposedly better?
I'm a fatcel as well, and that might've been another reason I was bullied, but my height makes me look thinner than I really am, basically you have to see me shirtless and then you'll know I'm fat, but in truth there's other factors, early age balding(since 14) giant forehead, big ugly nose, even if I lost weight my SMV will just go from 2/10 to 2.5/10. As long as I have this nasty balding, giant forehead and large nose, my SMV will never go up much, the only good thing I have is height which is 6'1, but I'm always heightmogged regularly by normies that's around 6'3 and higher, so I can't even say if my height is good.
Seriously I don't think my energy level could be any lower, I'm tired all the time, wish I could just sleep forever. I've been making an effort to stop rotting, but it's hard to find a reason to do anything at all. Even if I eventually manage to get a decent job, what exactly is the point? So I get to be more financially secure and can spend more time living this shit life? Just fucking [email protected] that. Almost everything stresses me out (including the most trivial or basic shit you can think of), I have absolutely zero hope for the future, and I barely even enjoy anything. I'm 25, khhv, and an abject failure at life in every measurable respect. The only thing I have to look forward to is decades of either rotting or wageslaving, and both sound equally unappealing. If I had a shotgun in my house, I'd destroy my fucking brain right now, no question. Don't know how much longer I can keep doing this tbh, I've genuinely never felt worse.
Thank you bro. I was very furious when I saw that reply to the comment, a YouTube video on a video game puzzle is the last place where I would expect virgin shaming, but here it is. It is sick and disgusting that we live in a world where people expect you to commit fornication while in the past it would be punished.
I remember he hung out with prostitutes but I'm not aware of that cause either low IQ or new age parents and secular education tbh, I can't tell which. At the end of the day I know about as much about cuckstianity as I do Islam, which is to say not much. Finding out how cucked it is will be a learning experience tbh, it is an interesting cultural artifact that was kept from me. Yeah virgin birth is also fucking dumb tbh
The forum is nothing but pulpit of free speech. Nothing controversial in the forum tbh. But i know what you mean. I dont know any other platform of free expression of thoughts... You know how severly free speech is opressed nowadays. Hypocricity is all around. Incels come to exustence aside of other things simply because of lack of free speech in internet.
Despite a general decline in popularity, furry servers have stayed popular. It's annoying to browse for community servers and be bombarded with a bunch of degenerate furry servers. Not only are the people and sprays disgusting, but they even make maps with furry porn built into walls and shit. If only the TF2 community was more toxic to the furry invaders back in the early 2010s. I pretty much only get to play the games occasionally on Saturday and Sundays as well. If you're not playing casual, servers are dead most days.
From 4 PM to 6 PM. I haven't slept properly in afternoon in months, and I dreamt about the place I grew up. I was on the street near the beach that I used regularly to go in town, looking at the house I lived for 10 years. There was someone with a fishing rod whom I was talking to, in the distance I could see two persons I knew IRL from the building when I was little. Then I moved to a dark house with someone, we started to play a game similar to GTA, we were using females in bikini armed with rifles and stole one of those vehicles people use to move on golf camps. My character was driving the thing, I entered some kind of garden and crashed the vehicle. After that, I returned back near the beach, the weather changed to cloudy and the sea grew rough. Then my mother entered the room to ask if I was sleeping feelsseriously and I woke up. Now 1 hour has passed, I'm still in the bed and I feel tired and nervous. I checked .co after waking up and, of course, 0 alerts, 0 inbox, nothing. I'm tired of this horrible nigger life.
Speaking from personal experience, endurance training is better for your discipline and mental toughness. A set of 20 reps taken close to failure is a lot more painful and taxing on your willpower than a set of 5 taken close to failure. There's also a humbling aspect to it since you're working with much lighter weight.
Lmao dumbass bitch If she had married her looksmatch 10 years ago, she wouldn't have to endure what she described. She would be at home raising subhuman children. She made her own bed and now she's getting what she deserves. She's probably a 3/10 fucking landwhale while the curry is atleast 5-6/10 healthmaxxed and average height. Her perception is straight up trash and she lacks the knowledge and willpower to understand that she is a subhuman among normtards. This is where I can kind of justify Neetdom and understand it to a certain extent. Sub5 foids were meant to be Neets, all they need to know is how to cook and wash clothes. Absolutely no point in playing this game of life when you aren't free of doing what you want, when you want, as a male in this lifetime. Lmao what she described doesn't even need to be a gigastacey. A fucking 5/10 brainlet foid who weighs 120lb with blonde hair probably mogs her to hell and back.
For lack of a better analogy - if we were in the animal kingsdom, Incels would be hyenas (ugly and undesirable) and chads would be lions(genetically superior) So the lions(chads) would hunt and slay the prime Antelopes (foids) and eat all the good delicious succulent tender meat (prime teen foids) and leave the undesirable meat (used up post wall roasties) for the hyenas(incels) to eat. The hyena has a choice to either Eat the meat the Lions(chads) left over [betabuxxx a roastie singlemom] Disregard the disgusting leftovers(roastie foids) and eat grass(masturbate/escortcel) Not eat anything at all (LDAR or Rope) The choice is yours Hyena (Incel) - what will you do? Which destiny will you choose?
If you were to go against a pro trained dude who's about your reach, then in that case you probably wouldn't win. But the average Joe is not. If someone is "training every day" then that is obviously going to change things, but how many people do that? I've never tried to start shit with a top tier pro boxer, because I've never even met one, and not a group either because I'm not an idiot. The point with the concept of a "street fight" is that there's no formalities, so you can cheat your way to winning, and pretty much most of them are won by cheap methods. It's not a "fair fight" because they never are, that's the point
Here I go again on my own fuckers . I'm a tallcel and you all fucking hate me Dox me? What the holy FUCK would u gain from that? Tried to help . Enjoy Marshall law you think it's a fucking joke???? Real shit is coming soon. And they won't be joking around. Die millennial sacks of shit
She’s so fucking lazy. She has basically never learned anything in life other than to sit and shake. She sits at home ALL fucking day doing nothing. Most NEETS have copes, but this bitch doesn’t even cope with anything, she just fucking lays there. She is neetmaxxed so damn hard it’s inspirational.
I used to believe in romantic love and that I would have children and be dad with a beautiful wife that would love me forever hahaha I was so fucking innocent and mentally retarted, but I cannot deny that I was a big dreamer. How could someone like me believe in such a stupid thing? I feel like I was totally brainwashed and only kids and women believe in this shit. When I discovered the blackpill it was like a punch in the face that I'm trying to recover until today that hurted me a lot in the beginning, but it was necessary to wake me up.
Those women are sick in the head. They need professional medical help. They really believe that the comfort they have today will still exist under a Leftist government. The Left is just using them. Once in power they will bleed the country dry. The Left uses welfare programs and social programs to appease the masses while they steal public money. It's the good, old "bread and circus" tactic of the Romans. Welfare programs are not self sustainable. One day the money ends, leftist policies like "green new deal" and other ridiculous things destroy jobs. Those unemployed people then use the welfare programs. Rinse and repeat, more bad policies, more unemployment, more welfare. Until one sunny day, there will be more people on welfare than people actually working to pay the taxes that fund that welfare. Then most of the welfare programs are closed, people get angry, riots occur, the government becomes authoritarian, food starts becoming scarce, the government then seizes the farms, but food doesn't grows faster just because you bought the farm. So they have to ration the food, buy it from other countries, people get even angrier, the army comes in to protect the politicians and shoot protesters. And those green haired lesbian foids then are forced to suck dirty, unwashed ugly men cock, just to not starve. Prostitute themselves for a plate of food. That is what happened time and time again here in South America, it's what is happening today in Argentina, and Venezuela is at the final stage of it.
News say this year lots of mushrooms in foresst of lithuania (separatist part of Russia). But no cute adorable loli waifu of culture for going together to pick those mushrooms Smartphone game turns mushrooms into cute anime girls, still gives foreigners wacky accents There aren’t many foods I hate more than mushrooms. I’ve got issues with both their taste and texture, and, to my eyes, they just look kind of gross, no matter which variety we’re talking about. But while I don’t think I’ll ever completely come around on the idea of eating fungi, it’s nice to... soranews24.com
My 30th birthday will be in January. I keep looking back on my 20s and it's driving me insane, I didn't accomplish anything I wanted to do. I knew my life was going to end up like this and I tried everything I could to stop it but nothing worked. The worst part about getting older is looking back and realizing that you're in the exact same place you would have been if you had slothmaxxed and didn't do anything. It's like I'm being punished for laziness but I wasn't lazy. And it's only going to keep getting worse, someday I'll be 40 then 50 then 60 and I'll still be in the same place and I'll always look back on the past and feel like I should have been able to prevent this while also knowing that I tried to prevent this but I couldn't.
The killers name is Brandon Clarke. I love how most of youtube are trying to portray her as some angelic perfect SF and calling Brandon some stalker born evil. She provoked him, rubbed his nose in it. Talk about walking across the highway blindfolded... this was the dangerous game this slut played. breaking-news-internet-dating-leads-enter-neck-slicing-discord-bianca-brandon-andrew-clark Alleged Internet Stalking Leads to Enter Neck Slicing – Best Gore www.bestgore.com
A trade would be ideal for him considering his educational background (or lack of one), but from what I know tradesman are hardasses. You have to have thick skin to deal with apprenticeship under these boomers. My cousin does this type of work and while the compensation in the long run is worth it, the immediate return is just brutal. This kid is going to be eaten alive. I don't mean to be negative. Better off starting with basic shit like retail, where even though the customers can be dicks, it'll still be easier.
There seems to be 2 main types of Asexual people: People who have no sexual attraction to anyone And people who have no sexual attraction to anyone, but still masturbate (and sometimes) have sex with others Now if you ask me, the second one seems really strange. I understand how both work, but it's still a new concept to me. Also, if you could get an asexual girlfriend, but one who would not have sex with you, would you do it? Let's say she is a virgin and around your age (or slightly younger) Personally i would, i am lonely and want love and intimacy. Also here's a bonus, let's say she's an asexual who masturbates, but doesn't want sex with others. Would you do it? I probably would ngl. Not only would i have a girl to love me and be intimate with, but i could watch her masturbate, and maybe even jerk off next to her tbh. It's better than rotting alone in my room
The first parts of the movie were good. Spoiler The idea of having SEELE invade NERV/man being the ultimate enemy of man (in the words of Fuyutsuki), even after all the super powerful angels had been defeated, was great, and Asuka's Battle against the EVA series was the greatest battle of the series hands down. But again, they decided to go with unorthodox experimental shit instead of tested and proved good endings. Asuka loses and gets wrecked in an unnecessarily gory way, the EVA series go join EVA 01 in that bizarre ritual, a lot of random scenes and scenarios going on and off... basically everything after Asuka's defeat was just a bunch of distasteful nonsense, at the very best something excessively experimental and 2dep4u. Also, Shinji's choice wasn't nearly as grandiose as what Noriko had to choose doing at the end of Gunbuster. Gunbuster, albeit a lot shorter, got pretty much everything Evangelion got wrong right, and the ending is a much more orthodox, bittersweet one, but hands down the best ending in the history of anime IMO.
Thought about getting the lego harry potter one. It has really good value for money. Knowing me I would have to buy the castles later as well. So I won't get it, because I need to safe money. Would get the hotwheels one or something, but that one is trash. Much cheaper to get cars individually. TFW no girlfriend who could pick individual cars for you and craft a calendar. What other options are there? Filling your own, when you know what's in it is gay. Based But also kinda sad I remember, when my parents were unemployed we only could get those cheap chocolate ones. I kinda love those now ngl, but it also makes me cry. My parents tried. But no fellows for your autism. Wish it wouldn't have went this way. Life sucks tbh.
I'm a bit of a newbie on the lore but i interpreted this from the works i am though quite adept at christain faith and islamic faith But their is nothing to say god can't send more who are we to put limits onto god unless it's agaist his own nature like doing evil or compelling or creating evil
Yes, there are a lot of dumb cunts in high school, but that question wasn't necessarily so stupid. Your teacher could have told everyone something they probably dont realize, like for example the gases in the room that make up the atmosphere are exerting a pressure on everything inside it. This pressure can raise a column of mercury some distance against the force of gravity, and this is the barometric pressure. Ignorance of biology makes killing babies acceptable too. 'She didn't know she was pregnant for weeks already! Its just a clump of cells!' The fetal nervous system begins devoloping around 3 weeks after conception, if I remember correctly.
I don’t mean to insult ER (PBUH), but he only managed to kill, like, 3 people. The other three died in an apartment complex. If you want to do something like that, at least do it right. You don’t even need to buy some $1,200 AR-15 after undergoing numerous background checks (which you would undoubtedly fail), you could buy a slingshot, some incendiaries and a 50¢ lighter from curry mart and start some bushfires outside a nuclear power plant during summer to kill millions. In minecraft. But that’s only if you wanted to top 9/11 for the most kills. The record-breaking high score is among us, door cuck was only the beginning.
Where I live in Florida there's nothing but fucking old people communities and the beach. It's where I was born and raised my whole life. It's a fucking shithole for anyone under age 60. There's nothing there for them. All they do is drink. The place fucking breeds depression in young people. I remember being interested in parkour and watching parkour videos and learning to do a front flip but my interest just died out over time because of boring ass location and no friends. As I said people there are boring as fuck and just drink and do normalfag shit like fishing. I remember even being in the city of my old uni that had some interesting terrain in it I met some fellow bmx riders, then shortly after I dropped out. It was the biggest disappointment ever. Boring ass terrain is horrible for bmx and parkour, things I'm interested in and could breathe life into my rotting self. I was watching a parkour vid just now remembering the interest I used to have in it and thinking that could have been me fuck me. Fucking multimillion subscriber youtube channel where they just travel the world making parkour videos living the fucking dream while I rot. Biggest locationpill of all is being stuck in this shithole Kenya for now but at least I leave in only 2 agonizing weeks now, so I can return to my lesser shithole in Florida. I'm considering just moving for the sake of my sanity, but then I'll be forced to spend over half my income to survive and not save shit.
New manager at one of my jobs. I come in and he instantly sees I'm an ugly depressed male so starts bombarding me with questions which are set up for failure or to make me look bad. Then got hit with the classic "do you even want to be here?" One I've heard a million times. I was honestly stunned in disbelief I didn't reply. I've been here for two years now so obviously yes, but only for the money just like everyone else. Then he says he asks everyone that in seeing my reaction about his horseshit coming from his cock sucking hole. Asked around and he didn't ask any better looking dudes that or any foids of course. Looks like another job destined to be fired from..back to looking for another one. Don't understand people like that... It's surely not like he wants to be here either right? I mean he tried to brag to me about being a slave at the company for 20 years as if that makes him impressive or valuable and not just immensely pathetic level of a slave.. so I don't know. I just don't understand shit eating normies at all, cocksucking corporate maggots.
>failed normie >2 kills Checks out. Only an incel could have a high score 32 kills with a shitty 10-round magazine .22 pistol. Also, fuck going ER. Go Cho or fuck off. ER only fragged three noobs before an heroing. What a lame high score that was. Although I still respect him for getting rid of normalfag scum.
Comparing being a cel to being raped in dumb. It's as if saying, "See, at least your not being raped, so being incel isn't so bad!" Do sexhavers operate on that logic? Can I steal a bunch of peoples' bank information and tell them that some other people are tortured, so they should just shut up and stop complaining about being robbed? Obviously not.
What i would do is add 5 minute mdiatiosn daily and slowly amp up everything. Then write down all your frustrations that you have in life and set the paper on fire. From that point on declare to yourself a purpose of some sort, for me it is spiritual ascension. You just need choose one. And then accept from that point on you will live for that purpose. Also activivites that can help is controlling your thoughts with mental diet, avoid Incel tears, avoid ragefuel, dont look at the news unless necessary, cut toxic family out. Find a meditative or calming hobby like hiking,biking or something. Eventualy read up on stoic philosophy and realize that you are a victim of cirumstance, one victim amongst billions in sufffering. Find a creative outlet to take out your inner troubles like painting or making rock music as well would go well. You can also do cold showers, ocasionally fasting as well for long periods of time. As overcoming trials of pain and impulses will make you a greater man and give satisfcation that no drug can give. With time you will find yourself more disciplined and having a stronger will. Eventually there will be a day where you ego will be 100% dependent on yourself and no external influences. It is the ideal state for an incel. As THERE IS NO SECURITY IN THE EXTERNAL WORLD, wherever you go you may find yourself dissappointed but by havig a strong ego dependent on merely yourself your mental state will remain strong and stead fast. Also make sure never to go too hard on spiritual practices when starting out as you dont want to be burned out. Just like people need rest for their muscles to recover, same with spiritual practices early on.
Just finished Honest Hearts on NV. I'm disappointed. Not only was the narrative weak as fuck, but the gameplay was garbage. The worse part is I enjoyed the setting and kinda feel bored with the decrepit desert setting after trekking through Zion Canyon for a few hours. Joshua fucking Graham deserved better after all the hype.
Ok I’ve spent the past 8 years wagecucking and yelling at myself in my car because I have nobody to talk to but fucckkkkkkkk. It should be illegal for fags to have children this fucking gay bitch is a fucking psychotic fucking freak there is too much shit to post here about how insane my white trash ghetto tranny trailer family is just know that I want to buy a gun and shoot myself every day for past decade but can’t because a fucking insane fag managed to trick the police to think I am the insane one and put me in a mental institution and take away my 2nd amendment rights!!!!!!
I am no perfect, and a lot of space for improvement (and so my waifu would help in it), but I AM ALREADY THE BEST. And if female cannot awknoledge that, she failing to have qualities of my waifu, crucial of which is SEEING ME AS THE BEST. Stupid whores can just give stupid questions, like what I did for sake of humanity. You stupid whore blet, I am otherkin and is beneath me to be usefull for this degenerate humanity, and if I am some kind of starseed sent here to improve this world, then tfu on it and I quit, humans are undeserving Only chuuni waifu, who APPRECIATES ME AS THE BEST, so we could sit together and watch this world burning When all my blogmaxxing was more succesfull in past, haters often criticised me, that with all what I doing I could attract only teen girls. Like it's something bad. Just problem is with atracting their overprotective daddies... And teen girls of this new lame generation also totally suck, not interested at all into glorious me
The story did in fact move on slowly in the beginning. I wished there was more blood. In the end, this movie is more of a philosophical movie that melts reality and imagination together. Tries to make you understand how a mentally ill killer comes to commit his crimes. You really get the feeling that the Joker has no other choice than to do what he does. If you like movies with a message open for interpretation, you should see the joker. If you expect some cruel genius who kills for fun, watch the Dark Knight Rises instead.
I've never watched anything truer. Women on the dating market hate JRE, and 6/10 below men act like they don't listen to him on dates, or downplay the effect he had on their lives. I don't know why foids hate the JRE, I guess he's too bro, too libertarian? Not enough female guests? It doesn't make a whole lot of sense, he improves a lot of mediocre men's lives. They would be substantially more mediocre, perhaps in terms of interests, and fitness levels if they didn't listen. This only exacerbates the proof that women FUCKING HATE mediocrity, I think. It also exemplifies that the bar for sociopathic behavior vis-a-vis presenting a false version of yourself is not only becoming more acceptable, but rather, an obligation in modern relations. Women want to believe, everything you do has been willed out of your own asshole, and that the ideas of your life were either culled out of an obscure author you never heard of, or some tragic experience out of a movie. Indulge in something fun and productive like JRE, you are a fucking sheep bro. The man has an x-box, and weed. Crucify HIM. With foids you lose.
i don´t want to sound rude or anything. but i am very good at demographics. when nothing changes then the russians will come or the polish and take your land. its basic geopolitical wisdom so to speak. we live now in a war-free period of time. but imagine what will happen when the system brakes down. then you even cannot get your newest waifu updates, because there will be no internet
What about "paraplegic" ? Is it politically correct ? I mean we should use medically accurate terms when they are not too complicated. That being said, "retarded" used to be a medical term. Also, one can not always guess the actual medical condition so there have to be words that are more generic. "Disabled" should be ok to describe someone who has an obvious mobility impairment. The problem is that people always end up using medical terms to insult healthy people, in an hyperbolic way. And then the term becomes known as derogatory.
Tipping is stupid and cucked, and an excuse for scumbag employers to pay their workers shit wages. Even more stupid are the idiot workers that support this shit and get angry at the customer rather than their cheap ass bosses. The only reason I tip in restaurants is because if I go back there again, I don’t want them fucking with my food out of spite. Overall, I’m a stingy tipper. Am I an asshole for this?? Absolutely!!!
I don't get it , is it just being socially awkward. That's a development disability now or is it some bullshit like homosexuallity created by academics to fuck with us. I have never met an autistic person , I live in the third world and alot of people are stupid here but never seen an autist is that something that only happens in the first world , or does it actually exist and isn't a made up problem like most of the bullshit spouted by libtards. If someone reading this has autism explain to me what it is like and is it responsible for your inceldom. Because everyone calls themselves autistic online , so please do explain it.
When chuuni girls stops being chuuni - it is insult for chuuni culture, that is horrible event of superior creature turning into abomination - inferior normal "grow up" femoid, so for keeping purity, when teen girl shows signs of loosing chuuni, is best to euthanise her, while not turned into "grown up" abomination. Same with chuuni girl being dicked by chads or fuckboys - while normoid girlies after that better be forced into prostitution, in case of chuuni that is desacration, and they better be taken out, not being left as walking signs of degeneracy and dishonor Chuuni for life, or die Not going honor ER on my last crush
SATAN TAKE MY BODY AND MAKE ME A VESSEL TO DESTROY EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING GIVE ME YOUR POWER SATAN! HELP ME TURN MY SPIRIT TOWARDS YOU SO THAT I CAN FIND THE STRENGTH AND HATE TO OVERCOME FORGIVE MY CUCKED DOUBTS AND FEARS FILL ME WITH YOUR HATRED AND STRENGTH INSPIRE MY WILL WITH COURAGE TO BE AN UNSTOPPABLE ER MACHINE GIVE ME POWER IN MY POWERLESNESS YOUR HAND WILL LEAD ME YOUR LIGHT WILL SHOW ME THE WAY BE MY GUIDE TODAY AND LET IT BE OVER SOONER LET IT END FOR ONCE AND FOR ALL SATAN>GOD GOD IS DEAD. HAIL SATAN! TAKE ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ohh ye, those songs give me nostalgia like nothing else in this world. RS was literally my childhood. And I know what you mean about mystique, the early levels are the best. But once you get to the newer, "meta' content, the gold farming and the boss killing and such, it loses much of its soul. I hate playing with others, but playing LoL alone is cancer, the game is one of the most infuriating experiences one can have.
Here's what I believe about therapy and well most other things... Like anything else in life if you want quality you need to have and spend lots of money to get it usually. It is very likely the same with therapists as well. As after all I doubt anyone here would or could ever be helped by some snot nosed 18-21 year old fresh out of high school or college psychology class Chad or Stacy punk who hasn't even really lived life themselves yet and is most likely "connected" and "tuned in" which means they are heavy imbibers of our trash culture and it's social media and are thus thoroughly blue pilled despite all their "learning" making them think they have it "all figured out". These are the types you will likely usually be saddled with as a NEET with shit or no health coverage since they'd tend to be free or extremely low cost to go to as they "need the practice" in order to practice (more effectively) heh. So basically you either luck out as a poor to average income earning person and find an older psychologist/psychiatrist whose lived a full life, seen some shit (some of it horrible) and knows a thing or two about a thing or two... Or... You're filthy rich like the Michael character from GTA V and can basically throw away money on any quack or genuine article shrink you want or can find.
I do my own hair but I just do a zero all around since I'm too stupid to do an actual haircut. And even then I sometimes fuck up and have patches where I just can't seem to ever get right. Like behind my ears or near the bottom at the nape of my neck. I do kind of have anxiety due to this but it isn't too bad. I know sometimes my coworkers make fun of me due to my bad haircut but it's not like a good haircut would ever change my life anyway. I just look at it like I saved $20
He should be commended by society and not condemned. As after all he chose a non violent way to get even with his abuser. Yes, yes before any of you even say it I know the radfems, SJW's and cucks have already begun their social engineering bullshit on issues like this and are construing such actions and things as "passive aggressive forms of violence" but we here in sanity land know that its not actually violence. Nasty behavior? Sure. Violence? No.
I had like 50 euros in bitcoin back in 2012,but It's been so long,I remember nothing about where I stored It,what password I used,or anything.Even the laptop that I bought It on my grandmother threw away. All I remember is my dad yelling at me for wasting 50 euros on a ''useless scam'' as he said It.
Im not. Just depressed. My nose got a little bit better. Not so terrible like a few weeks ago. If I lay down for a couple or hours or if is too hot my nose just grows and become deformed. I put on tape to fix it. But a couple days ago I was waiting for the bus and started raining. I had no umbrella so now I have a cold. Great! Just what I need. A runny nose over a big nose.
There's this Polish American Festival in my area that has these commercials, and every year they usually open with some kind of greeting that sounds like "Yak czivacz!" I would type it into Google Translate, but I only know how it sounds, not how it's spelled. Does that sound like anything to you? Also, they use this saying "Smile until you're Polish." What does that mean?
Turkish cucks stopped their offensive because Russia and NATO didn't want Turkey to advance further into Syria and take more land from Kurds. Turkish-backed rebels and the Turkish military got into engagements with the Syrian army, I really hoped for an all-out war between Turkey and Bashar's gang. As for SAA, they just mass bombard civilians, hospitals and all the buildings and only then will they advance. HTS showed some nice resistance though despite getting zero international support. You should ask Russia and Assad why they are bombing civilians literally on a daily basis. The chemical attacks in Khan Shaykhoon, Aleppo and other towns/cities were all attacks done so that the advance into rebel territory would be easier. It is the same reason why the bomb all the hospitals as well. 1. More civilian casualties -> more work to do for the rebels white helmets. 2. More civilian casualties -> less room to treat rebels 3. More civilian casualties -> Less opposition There was never an intention to stop their advance until all rebels are killed and/or captured. The rebels will not stop either until the current Nusayri government has been replaced. The funniest part of all of his was that Russian and Syrian propaganda tried to spin the story and said rebels used chemical weapons, weapons they literally do not have. Rebels literally have zero aircraft.
Being incel IDK much about this stuff. So if a girl has any pussy lips, does that mean she's been fucked several times? in porn, I noticed most the girls I like don't have much in terms of vag lips. The girls with it seem to know how to take a dick and it's not too sexy. The weird thing is these girls look no older than early 20ish. Yet their pussy is more or less destroyed. Well, that's if the theory holds true. There is also stuff about this in hentia manga with Lolis. but idk maybe some vages might just naturally develop lips. It just seems hard to believe girls' pussy shred that easy.
I haven't found a theory more convincing that describes why there is such inequality among poeple. World is hierarchical and the thing with hierarchies they're like pyramides. There is always thousands of incels on bottom for every chad on top. If women also knew their fucking place in all of this we would still be able to live normally but feminism artificial ego booster for vags and brainwashing of society to think casual sex is so acceptable. So many sins, filthy crimes against humanity itself have become a social norm. It's like impossible to find a way how to cope with this pile of shit. Moving forward to achieve some greater potential is very hard regardless of where you stand in society tho. We'll all ascend in this life or another unless all we do is LDAR
I have been NEET on and off for 5 years, I do have a useless university degree and a car though. Jobs are very bad if you are mentally ill or an autist, people will give you a hard time, however I would recommend working for a while just to get a bit of money to spend on travel or something. If you earn low money I recommend keep living with parents as it saves having to pay rent, I don't buy into the normie mindset that you shouldn't live with your parents, that is easy for them to say with their $50000 per year salary
The idea if pickup is that there is some special ritual you can perform that attracts women. If by "blackpilled" you mean acknowledging that looks are the most important attribute for attracting women then I don't think you would practice pickup because you would know it wouldn't do you any good (assuminf you are unattractive). If you were attractive and blackpilled, all you would need to do to be successful is approach. So no, I don't think you can be a PUA if you are blackpilled.
It is pure gut wrenching suicide fuel to see my now grandmother tier mom taking Spanish class and losing weight solely to get closer to middle aged shirtless chads when going on vacation in Spanish countries. Those guys literally walk around all day long shirtless with low bf% and abs. this is the same useless whore who told me I'm being entitled when I would ask for help paying for my gyno surgery as a teen, and that Im being a "girl" when trying to diet to lose bf% and leanmax.
Therapy would hardly even work on me because I can't talk to a therapist. I'll have a feeling like "reddit is fucking trash and I hate it" and my smug cunt of a brother will ask me why with the implication I don't have a good reason and act like a smug cunt when I can't perfectly explain all my reasoning on the spot. My bitch cunt of a father kept telling me to explain a different way he could act when I complained about him being an asshole and would get mad when I couldn't on the spot. Fuck him I hope he dies. Shit makes me want to just avoid all interaction with cunts and be alone. I hate having to interact with soyciety. They can have their shitty opinions. I just want to fuck off somewhere and never be disturbed.
I couldn't give a proper answer to it if you asked me why, but I hate it. It either looks ugly or doesn't make difference on foids at all. My mom used to preserve her nail polishes in fridge near my food so maybe that's why I developed an intense disgust for nail polishes.
I'm not neurotypical filth yet I'm not allowed to sperg out and write incoherent autism induced posts If I do that I get the ban hammer Why do you hate me? Because I'm different? Because I want to write pee pee poo poo negro negro cuck? Why do you hate me mods? This is how I express myself, not with emojis or le epic leddit memes but with autism. Let me be.
High IQ and Extremely Based White whores (sorry i mean women) are spearheading the decay of this great civilization- all because they cannot do anything that is not in their self interests and they prioritize degenerate self indulgence at the expense of the collective good. We just need a few good men who will reinstate the PATRIARCHY and get all the world governments onboard Too suifuel for me - watching a subhuman doggy enjoying pussy something that i might never get to do is too much for me
The nigger in my majority white school was a massive Chad with a huge chip on his shoulder. He never gave me any problems but still he was one of those detestable nigger narcissists that one cannot help but hate. He gave off the aura that he thought he was better than everyone and I do mean EVERYONE from his fellow Chads to the lowliest of incels to the teaching/school staff itself this nigger was something else. And look I get it, its normal for a member of an opposite race coming into a majority other race environment to want to appear strong and show some dominance and some pride as in a “don’t mess with me” survival mechanism, etc but this was more than that based black OP. This nigger again was just one of those arrogant narcissistic type of bastards that desperately needed someone to come along and bitch slap him back into reality and off of the clouds or pedastal he put himself on.
More cucking, more bullshit from the far left, but also the rise of the alt right. Growing resentment regarding refugees climate faggots. People starting to use excessive self defense measures when harassed by young gangs. The gangs will start cooperating with clans who will use even more violence on civilians. Right extremist groups will rise. Poor and disabled people will suffer more as gas and housing prices increase, politicians will not react. Many more people will become homeless. Many of them will get killed by refugee gangs. People will stop watching tv, seeing that the news are fake. Instead, they will turn to alternative media. The Jewish elite will get desperate to maintain their power over the world. More propaganda and censorship will follow. Young people fall behind academically. Boys will not feel safe in school anymore, they lose all their rights. The smart ones will go hiki, the cucks will go to uni, the dumb ones will turn into extremists, the refugees will rule the schoolyard by forming drug dealing gangs. The foids are still the privileged ones, but many of them will suffer trauma from sexual harassment by migrants, others have no chance of maturing as they are psychologically tortured by media. Even conservative foids will get bullied into being sluts.
Thur drink sewer water from the river Ganges and yamuna in India. The river is dirty as fuck, filled ashes of humans, literally dead hobos, toxic metas, and human feces and urine. I have seen it in person and many indians drink from it resulting in ugly bones, all types of deformities, and low inhibition The mpre educated the more high inhibition in my experience Indian Americans are the higher caste and higher IQ niggas who ditched the Homeland as a result they are far far less retarded on average and far more high inhibition. Though many are still bluepilled
Yeah, even online the real pedos that try to meme prepubertal girls as being hot or something are exceedingly rare. It's a cruel thing, this weird desire that you get for late teenage women when you hit your 30s, just when society has made just about sure that you're shackled to the shitty women your age. That's all it is really, just a social construct (a real one) to make sure used up old women aren't left behind, and that successful and productive men are shackled to them so that the state doesn't have to provide for them. This is heinous especially given that the state could easily provide for those shitty old women if it wasn't corrupt, but it's so money hungry nowadays that it will look for any possible excuse, meme, or underhanded law to somehow shackle a productive man to an undesireable woman and make sure she is paid for one way or another.
I've been drawing this for months on end.It's been so long and I'm very lazy.Have resently started working on it again and I think i may be able to finish it. I'm also working on something bigger,inspired by Michelangelos' "The creation of adam".But I'm far from finishing it and when i do i will have to colour,which will take an ungodly amount of time.
I don't support what he did or sympathize with him in any way, he definitely committed a lot of brutal and disgusting acts. That said, this is a nerdy Quran teacher who built an empire out of nothing, defeated national armies and seized city after city, and had the world, every media outlet and every major military power, paying attention to him and his movement. It took the combined forces of the United States and Russia to take him and his caliphate out. Really he is the only guy to manage to do something like that since Hitler. So while he may be dead, he's definitely going to remain historically significant.
Bro......ngl TBH, I could go for some fucking boneless wings right now dude, with some ranch to dip that shit in, bone in wings are fucking cringe tho NGL, imagine eating that shit because its more natural or manly or some shit, fucking dumb ass LOL, I eat boneless wings because they taste better, and are easier to eat, and they have more meat in each bite, but I haven't eaten boneless wings in a long ass time, jesus.........its so over for me dude I think I'm done honestly. I could also go for some onion rings too, I had some onion rings earlier, but I didn't have much, why the fuck can't you ever get like a proper amount of onion rings from anywhere without spending like a fuck ton of money, I gotta save money and shit to RISE UP. Fuck dude its over its almost 4:20AM and my sleep schedule is so fucked dude, I gotta be at work at 2pm, meaning at the latest prob gotta be up at like 12pm-1pm, so I can prepare for that shit, but the thing is I woke up at like 4pm yesterday so its fucking over for me today. Then after that shit I gotta be at work on thanksgiving till 1:30AM and then they want me coming in the next day at fucking 11am? Bro, yunno what honestly, I think i'm done.
In a nutshell yeah. Everyone on this forum who is wondering why black foids aren't sought after by all men(blackmen and incels included) should watch Tommy Sotomayor and they'll get a MUCH better view as to why blackfoids aren't sought after. Powerfully agreed and yes I'm black, not only that but the majority of my bullies and rejections were from blackfoids because I'm not the thuggish Tyrone black. That's another big factor as to why I'm not really as attracted to them as other races of foids. That's why I still firmly believe that nonblackmen have excellent choices of foids while we blackmen have the absolute worst choices of foids. For once I agree with you. They surely don't have any cuteness to them whatsoever. Another thing, if you go with a black foid there's a VERY high probability she'll have STDs, Tattoes, piercings, smelly weaves, lots of bastard niglets and worst of all she may chain you down for child support if she THINKS one her kids is yours. Those are some reasons why blackfoids are the least sought after. Side note I rather be a volcel than risk contracting an STD or being chained for child support. Those are nightmare scenarios I wish to avoid by any means necessary.
kids are kids and any dude that wants to fuck a child is and allways will be a pedo. pedos deserve to be bashed and driven out of society as it is a sick and disgusting act to exploit a child in any way.pedo kill squads are a societal must and should be implemented and supported by society. death to all pedos.
I'm curious about this too. I want to make ultimate masturbation company that uses attractive prime femerloids as model. Some stupid companies only replicate the vaginal lips of old gross femerloid. My company will model inside, outside, and tightness in the the utmost degree of detail. Also, I want to make a new material that replicates prime femerloid feeling exactly.
If by white you mean anglo-saxon, then you're correct. I don't put other whites in the same category. Portuguese, Spanish, Italians, Romanians and other white folks of Latin heritage are just as incompetent as Brazilians. Anglos are the true whites. They created the most vibrant and industrialized society in the world. As for Asians, only the Japanese are civilized. Other than that, I agree with your views. Race mixing didn't help Brazil either. But it's too late now. At least, I won't reproduce. I won't be summoning another soul to this hell hole.
Just fucking lol @ this autist non stop bragging. Legit watches autistic PUA videos lmfao. just lol Says it works for him because has has tried it on 5 girls, I seriously hope he gets run over by a truck dedly srs this uppier tier normie looking god damn piece of shit also seems to be envious of subhumans' success. Legit deserves to grt jumped on by 5 tyrones mfw just lol @ this piece of shit, leave me alone u low iq aborigen, and I mean it l o w q i q a u t i s t. I wish he would provocate irl so I could punch this weak tallfag cunt into his jaw
Probably a month but it may not really count as I probably took “whores baths” in between which for me translates into getting into the shower and washing most of the essential areas George Carlin talked about ie “armpits, asshole, crotch and teeth” heh heh. Though yeah if I brush my teeth it’ll be in the bathroom sink and not the shower and I probably didn’t wash my armpits most of these times either Just the other remaining nasty problem areas lol.
theres is this older bloke on youtube that lost a shitload of weight and I felt I had witnessed something legendary as he did it all by body weight exercises and walking ,the bloke is fucking awesome and all we hear these days are filthy foids cunts and there weight loss journey who gives a fuck about these foids most of them are not even fat but this bloke was huge so fuck foids.
"redpill" isn't philosophy, it's a scam. Just like PUA they just want views and money from coping incels. And like I said you're not considering yourself "human" over the validation of whores, how is that not foid worship? You're saying their stupid opinion literally classifies you less as a person, you're acting like they're gods. I don't believe in high/low "self-esteem" because I know exactly who I am: kind, good, strong, smart, ASIAN, SHORT and UGLY.
Ok bro, don't threaten me again. Btw, do you have autism ot something? Most people would take that as a threat bc of how u phrased it. U could have said "what if someone doxxes u, how would u react, I think imma get doxxed soon so i need advice", but instead u chose that horrible phrasing. Anyway, I'm up for dialog and ask anything u want, just try to not phrase it like a fucking death threat
Funnily enough, when my parents were dating, my dad was a skinny distance runner. When he "grew up" and inevitably got fat from not burning off entire full-course meals practicing for races, one of the first things she'd attack him for during fights was his weight. Despite being overweight herself. It's really annoying when people want to lose weight just enough to complain about their weight all the time, but not enough to actually lose it. Personally, I have a lot more respect for people who are fat and don't care than people who are fat and constantly whine about it. Either lose the weight or don't, JFL. Stop fence-sitting.
I feel a lot of rage right now. I'm a poorcel and aside of my looks being poor is another handicap to an incel. Germany ppl are lost. Because even if they are manipulated by jews or whatever in that country seems that majority of ppl is evil for doing that.
As you can see, they have a left wing bias and see themselves as "wholesome". They like to feel superior to others and choose easy targets that don't have any influence over the media and the government or are ingenuous people, people that can't fight back: antivaxxers, ugly males, white nationalists, dumb americans, dumb boomers posting on fagbook. People that can't fight back because they don't have the resources or are censored by reddit and its users. As you can see, the psychology of the IT user pedo is find someone they can feel superior to. I'd reckon that if tomorrow all of the incels in the world disappeared (80% of the IT users would disappear too), IT people would just find another easy target to forget how pathetic they are. They would probably make some shit like antivaxxertears, whitenationalisttears, it doesn't matter, they would attack those who are already being attacked like the cowards they are, because like every bully, especially a bully without the strength of the classical school bully, they prey on easy targets that are already being persecuted. What that means is that an IT faggot will never, NEVER, persecute those that the media and government give support, they are lapdogs of powerful people and they are doing it for free, they exist to confirm a narrative and any thought outside of that narrative must be persecuted and insulted.
I don't like Trump, he had his entire life handed to him on a platter. In that he's no different than a foid, and about as stupid. The only good thing about him is he triggers feminists. As for Warren, the main thing she cares about is taking a hatchet to (((Wall Street))) and they're terrified of her. And she's more likely to get you your NEETbux than Trump is. Would that be worth having a foid in the oval office? Whoever wins, someone I hate will rage so I'm good.
Tired of faggots trying to sneak in their psyop fuckery under the guise of "its just a joke", that's indeed how they did it on 4chan "I'm just ironically posting this gay pathetic shit, don't be so serious, were all in on the joke here" Yeah, nice try - "I'm just making fun of how pathetic my other threads are by making another pathetic thread" You know the logic of this makes no sense, because what is the end goal of either thread, if the end result is the same then your legit threads and your mockery threads are essentially the same, they are no different
This is a dumb statement. Americans eat pizza, tacos, pasta, souffle, macaroon, gyros, fajita, risotto etc... There are many non-American non-Japanese comics(manhwa, manhua, Bandes dessinées like Asterix & Obelix, Tintin etc.), and to a lesser degree animations(France produces many animations for example) with American following. There are many non-American, non-Japanese bands with large American following(do I need to give examples?), historically Italian and German composers were influential. People participate in Latin American dances, foreign sports(tennis[France], rugby[England], ice hockey[Canada]), martial arts like karate[Japan], taekwondo[Korea], Muay Thai[Thailand] Play musical instruments: cello[Italy], harmonica[Germany], piano[Italy], saxophone[Belgium] etc. There are countless non-Hollywood movies acclaimed in America as well. Korean Dramas have a following. Read translated books from the other corners of the World(Tbh majority of the books sold in America are of American origin). A lot of the vidya you are playing are neither American nor Japanese: Metro and Stalker[Ukranian], Dishonored[France], Crysis[Germany], This War of Mine and The Witcher franchise[Poland], Minecraft and grand strategy games like Europa Universalis[Sweden] etc. Just because you choose to surround your self with Japanese culture only doesn't mean that the same applies to other people as well. Other countries are still influential in America as well(although they don't dominate American culture like the way American culture is dominating them, unfortunately). What exactly do you expect from Ubisoft here? They made games that were located in French. What French cultural influence do you expect to see in Assassin's Creed Odyssey for example?
Naw dude i read it on twitter. And look all women are children so taking advantage of them is wrong. Its like punching a retard. and yeah no i am just drunk and any thing i say is purely methophorical. I mean set a fire under his ass for him to become a better person and inspire him to overcome his failings to see the light that we are all one people united in justice seeking fairneness and equality for all mankind. LOL
That simply means you don't give yourself enough credit, it doesn't mean you are lacking. Everybody has something good in them. The very fact that you are on this forum and not partaking in the bluepilled nonsense of the world is something to applaud yourself for. And if this is truly how you feel, never be afraid to pick up new hobbies, you'd be surprised how good and fulfilling they feel. The best cope there is
Just because you don't think what you are doing is math doesn't mean it isn't. Everything about computers is mathematical. It's finite math and number theory but math nonetheless. Math elitists want to disown their lovechild CS but it is still fucking math. Even simple if/else blocks are probability in practice
I come back to this game every few years, since 2011. For the last month and a half, it feels like I've teleported through time. Start playing in the morning, finish at 2 am. This would be great, a dream come true for me, to find something that I like to spend time on. But I fucking HATE this game. Seriously, I'd sit there playing and fucking seethe, fucking hate what I'm doing, but I was addicted and had nothing better to do. I uninstalled this game like 2 times a day and then reinstalled it, that's how much I fucking hate it. But this time I quit for good. I just hate that game too much. Play it for 16 hours and you'll have fun for maybe 10 minutes. Now if I could find something else to fill my time, that would be great. Maybe WoW, idk, it's kinda garbage and I played it for years and I'm all played out. Something else then. Too bad I gave my money and account away on runescape, that would have been fun to play again. But I was playing it too much and I gave it away like a fucking idiot.
I hate Assad he's a fucking bastard, I hope he gets tortured and dies a slow death. But I admire him; he's the ultimate strategist. A cold, calculating political leader with good foresight. He literally nurtured ISIS during 2012/2013, withdrew tactically from nearby areas - letting them grow throughout mid-2010s enabling them to grow in Syria and fight Kurds and other opposition, as well as advance into Iraq. His government focused on the FSA and other forces while the West redirected all their efforts at thwarting ISIS's advance. The 'Assad must go' agenda was dropped by Western governments - and technically has ever since, meanwhile he made gains fighting the FSA and other opposition groups with the help of Russians, then he literally wiped the floor with ISIS when it came to the rest of the country. Now he's in a tactical alliance with Communist Kurds lol - the same people that were a threat to him not too long ago. He played it well. But he's up against another reality if he's looking to kick the Turks out of the country. Using the kurds as proxies won't work, soon he'll need to engage with Turkey itself, and in that case I see no chance of him surviving. Obviously Iran and Russia will be displeased, but a Turkish puppet in the region they will consider a lesser evil than a Western puppet (unless you consider Turkey one too - imo Turkey are playing off 'western allies' and their 'Muslim neo-Ottoman' ambitions).
"i hate ritalincel..... i reported his gay postmaxxing to knajjd like 50 times, i hope ritalincel dies. if i see another one of those annoying ass gifs im gonna fucking flip i swear to fucking god man. im gonna freak like my butthole did last christmas. also be sure follow me on twitter and join the rabb.it streams, run by ME of course cause im so mature. do you guys reckon i should be mod? i think so. PS: stay away from tranny porn cause its gonna convert you, its not like i have experience with that though."
why are ethnic parents so brutal if i ever have kids i wouldnt give a shit even if they were neets or failures i'd love them for being my kids i mean i wouldnt raise them to be degenerates but i wouldnt push them over constantly and force them to study and shit like that
When visiting metal places, always had that feeling of weakness and hopelesness. Lots of guys looking better than me, and absolute majority (most of time 100%) - manlier than me. Ogrecels could do better going that direction, beardmaxxing and metalmaxxing, but not sissy manlet framecel fag like me And whats good in those pubs - cute adorable metal lolis of culture absent, but maybe could date down (by my standards), go for big tiddy goth gf. Not ultimate comrade to stand against evil human world, but could be usefull, as good looking sex giver and maybe even some feelings, could be source of pleasure, self-confidence, and sign of status. But those only for metalchads or any other tough metalguys, and whats left, ugly metal femorloids - I do not want (they do not want me too, but whatever, I at first place dont need them anyway). After visiting metal places was feeling so horrible that even listening to metal was disgusting, reminder of my fagness and failure to find not only cute adorable metal loli waifu, but atleast big tiddy goth gf too But now 5 years when I not visited city center, no metal pubs and clubs too, and do not want
nah it’s more like a dark robe wearing type not like a suit tbh idk this is my main thought. I think that he’s tryingto see that I’m worthy enough and he will eventually speak to me and ask me if I want to sell my soul or not. I think he’s trying to see how weak and depressed and vulnerable i am everyday is like a battle for some reason unless im not at school or have to deal with the type of ppl who go to my school this is the part I’m scared of. I wouldn’t want to sacrifice my family. But “friends”, hmm..
I edited my post right before you posted that. I was thinking of playing rs again, but I fucked up hard. At a certain point 2 or 3 years ago, I was playing way too much runescape. Despite enjoying it, at that time I still wasn't the person I am today, so I was thinking I could do something more productive. And I did a stupid thing, I gave my account away and all the money too. I'd start a new account, but fuck paying for their expensive subscription. 11$ isn't nothing in my country, that's like a day of work if not more. I already spent a shitload on WoW when I was addicted to that, but then I grinded my ass out for wow tokens and I didn't have to pay for WoW again. Runescape bonds are too hard to come by with a new account, I'd have to grind for so long. It's not fun.
Only the worst times for uglies. possibly the best for normies, females, chads etc I love how technically advanced we are, can cope with games, anime, weed, etc. can even fix ugly face with surgery. Just hate how society and social media focuses on looks over everything else. Nothing we can do about that though
It's a conditioned response caused by reinforcement of neurological pathways in your brain. The more you do an activity, the more you have a tendency to do that activity in that way. For example, someone who always buys the same things at the grocery store will go on autopilot while shopping, in your case it's because every time you try to study, you immediately switch away from your task, so your brain has developed this mental pathway caused by always doing this behaviour. If I may make a suggestion, try breaking your routine and doing things in a different way than you usually do. This will make it easier to do things differently because since it is a new stimulus your brain doesn't already have a conditioned response ready. For example, bring your books with you and study somewhere else than you usually do like a library. Wearing different clothes, (in the case of lazy NEETS, being fully clothed), or doing your work in a different room of the house than you usually do are also good methods. I also found that waking up early in the morning helped me break my old habits and lazy routines. The key here is that things have to be different than what you are used to, and you have to force your brain to associate this new stimulus with being productive. It's gotten to the point that for me, I subconsciously associate getting dressed in formal or semi-formal clothing with getting work done, and wearing shitty track pants with being lazy.
I think blackpill can simply mean you think nature is more important than nurture in dating success, not that nurture has 0 influence. Even if you view nurture as a minority contribution to success, you can still attempt to optimize it mentally (PUA) or physically (gym) while acknowledging neither will ever be as important as your DNA.
Some dumb and impressionable teenage foid from here will watch shit like these because MTV, VICE, Buzzfeed, etc are hip, cool, mainstream and them talking on English means they are smart so this will shape her adult views after taking things like this seriously and for granted, just inducing more of tranny and faggot mania that is starting to kick in here. I noticed that trannies are popping up on Youtube here and all of their subscribers are young foids and foids in general. People are completely defeated and demoralized in these times and i wonder for how long will this brain rape last...
my advice is if you get you head kicked in its because of this pedo shit. pedo execution squad needed. why post this shit kids need to be left alone. this is the only problem I have with this forum is this pedo shit its sick and disgusting and has no place on incel forums.
There are many foids all around the world who unironically say that shit or post things related to that quote on social media At first i thought settling was just an internet meme mocking whores but the same whores actually say that. It's just baffling to me how low iq, arrogant and unaware holes are.
My skin is finally clearing up at 5 years (also 18). What worked for me (pretty oily skin) is to shower twice a day (with a face soap) to keep my skin dry and then put on a ton of moisturizer at night before bed. I’ve noticed significant improvement since I started using the moisturizer. It’s still bad, but it went from an “disgusting, do you ever shower?” kind of bad to a “he’s in puberty and it’s fucking his ass” kind of bad. That’s a step up.
Sometimes see weebs who declare adoration for cute adorable moe animu girls, and say of having waifus, but they also in relations with ugly 3d femorloid. How it possible? Is question not how they able to get them, but how they can even like ugly disgusting 3d pigs. No problem to understand uncultured men, who has no supreme taste in anime cuties. But how is possible for man, who likes superior beauty of animu girls, and takes them as waifus, not to be repulsed by ugly 3d femorloids, but to like them and even accept as "waifu"? Greatest value I can see in ugly 3d femoid is just dude to hang and drink with, nothing more
I hate everything to do with it, the bullshit lies about "festive spirit" and all the fake "caring". You're expected to buy cards and presents for people, obviously as an incel I have no friends, yet my dumbass parents and family want stuff, why? We never talk anyways and it means fuck all, because we don't like each other....Yet because it's Christmas I NEED to do something? You must be fucking joking. I hate the TV shows, adverts and films with all this "feel good" and jolly and merrily bollocks. It's all fake and lies, so what? One day of the year you all seemingly become nice and caring? Get screwed. And people tell you to stop being miserable and get into the "festive spirit", yet again people being ignorant to our lives and what we suffer on a daily basis, but expect us to become all caring and jolly through the holidays, it's fucking ridiculous. If anything it's the most depressing time of the year, seeing people with friends and family that actually give a shit about them, going to gatherings and socialising, whilst we all rot alone, having to witness this shit everywhere we go.
Yeah but even this Andrew only banged a 17 year old. In Germany it is not that out of the ordinary for guys in their 30s dating young girls like this To be honest, I find it more worrying that people here still believe Hitler was evil than what this Epstein did. Please give some links so I can read about Epsteins crimes.
Remember in the weeks leading up to the Joker movie and every cuck, every normie, every paranoid roastie was shitting themselves over the fact that there was gonna be some sort of shooting or attack at a screening of the movie? The media wouldn’t shut up about the possibility of being one, probably because they wanted one to happen so they could exploit it to further their narrative. And guess what? Nearly 2 months after the movie premiered, there have been no incidents at all. Contrast that with the shitty children’s movie Frozen 2. Remember all the hype over the original in 2014? It was ANNOYING. I never saw it and I have no plans of doing so. Anyway, on November 24 just two days after Frozen 2 premiered, there was a machete brawl at a screening of it that resulted in several police officers getting sliced. Where was the media? A few small outlets reported on it, but none of the places where most people get their news. In fact, none of the news outlets were American, all just Canada or UK. JFL at the hypocrisy.
Yea, I know its inseparable status with cuckdom and cuckerism. But on a serious note, I'm planning to buy a Nintendo Switch. Is it good? I mean compared to PS4 and Xbox. Some facts: 1. I am not a gamer, so I don't have any specific preference for any game genre. 2. Nor I'm a game nerd, so I don't care about graphics and other technical crap. I just want to have a good time and cope in peace. Note: I know PC is good, you can go full DIY according to your need, its customizable and many other things. I don't want to play games on PC. I already have a very good PC (with GPU and shit) for my work. I don't want to buy another one. There is a poll at the top.
Yeah. It's an american way of calling brownish spanish-speaking people that come from the south of the border. Don't blame them though. It's a useful term ngl. The only thing that confuses is the fact they use "Hispanic" to mean europeans from Iberian Peninsula as mentioned in document OP posted. And of course Latinos will prefer to be called by their home countries gentilics. There are also social aspects that need to be considered. A white brazilian/colombian/chilean middle class exchange student teen foid won't feel motivated to say she's latina if that's gonna push her toward low-class second generation migrants dark-skinned mexicans.
Their standards are even higher than an average femoid has. I swear, if you have ever used social anxiety forum and such, you'l meet the most entitled and retarded bitches on this planet. It's actually their way of coping. The more ugly a foid is, more quality of a man she wants. She needs that validation, she needs that someone 4 points above her to feel worthy and special. It is absolutely disgusting because these foids hate men around her value or less more than anything. They will literally hate you and blame you for having social anxiety or any disorder, even if she has the same damn issues. Fucking whores. Yes, most of us will never ascend, but I am pretty sure every single one of us has more chance of getting a Stacy of a sub 4 mentally challenged "femcel". Simply because we are actually on their level, and they hate us because we remind them on themselves and their own worth.
Im sooo fucking tired of them doing this.. As if i didn't know you disrespectful motherfuckers! being alone constantly is hard enough, then to bravely go out and every time have people remind you of this hell, and why you're always treated like garbage/exiled from normal human realtions is absolutely maddening.
Arabs and Indians have it worst. Arabs are viewed as ugly brown men who are very misogynist and terrorists ready to kill people; whereas Indians are viewed as dirty brown nasty pervs who rape women and defecate on street. Many Arabs and Indians were bullied and are still bullied for these stereotypes that some even committed suicide while some lost their self-esteem for good. If a Russian guy goes to US, he would be viewed as badass thug, while in Asia, people will view him typical Europeans and same in Africa. But if an arab went to US, he'd be viewed as terrorists, dirty in other parts of Asia and Africa. Pewdiepie gain subscribers out of mocking Indians. Slavs might've suffered too but not close to the magnitude brown people have suffered.
A Wet Wooloo ️ Any/All (@a_wet_duck2): https://twitter.com/a_wet_duck2?s=09 I fucking hate this fucking degenerate LGBT faggot. He's antifa, socialist, feminist, all bad things. Also a Catalan separatist and a fucking coward that trash talks about cops but then says "I don't go to protests because I have social anxiety" I hope he gets an anal prolapse from fucking too much with his queer boyfriend
Why do you sound like a female therapist or teacher though? I don't believe that the Pepe emoticons are authentic in the way your comment was written....Makes me wonder if you're absorbing information like a sponge for the CBC or British BROADcasting corporation...In that case, I hate Jews, and wish that every Jew and feminist die in a war along with the 1488 cucks. There, you have it!
Leaving this place won't make me better. I would have to solve the underlying problems, if solvable. That's like saying, go to a dance and you'll meet a girl. That's like telling a hungry person to go to a restaurant. If the person has no money, going to a restaurant will make it worse. Same here. If I go to a social, see the pretty girls, and don't meet, I'll feel worse. and yes, I am a disgusting, hateful psycho. Oh - by the way, when I go outside, people think I'm crazy - and treat me like it too. At least here, I'm with my peers.
Uncle Varg has it right. Homeschooling= better. I know I for one would have been better off had I been homeschooled. No mean, dumbass, dumb fuck kids to have to deal with and occassionally fight and or be outcasted by. No stupid whores lying on me and getting me unjustly kicked off of televised knowledge bowl type of programs because of dumb whore mean spirited reasons or worse ie reasons of random bitchiness or triteness ie "tee hee" as this forum generally describes a certain awful aspect of female nature.
when i call my sister this happens i hear static or a weird sound i asked her and she said this happens with all her mobile phones as she buys one every 4 months because the static is annoying so i think you might be right i will look in to phone tapping so look out for your self and keep your gaurd up and also take notice of anyone following you and watch your surroundings for people who seem to take notice of you be careful
And femoidic personalities are shitty and horrible, even if not total shit - still shit and sucks blet. So if girl young, cute, and virgin, than atleast has some redeeming qualities to her lame femoidic persona. Ugly femorloids have nothing valuable to offer at all, and so total trash. But not in world of honorless hungry simps...
You underestimate the degree to which I don't have a life my friend. The problem with single player rpgs is that they can only be played so much before you run out of content. What do I mean by that? The average RPG takes less than 100 hours to beat. That's like what, less than a week of playing? If I'm not working that week it's basically just a few days of playing. So, eventually, after nolifing for years and years, I've pirated and played pretty much every single player game that looked remotely interesting to me (though I deleted many after a few minutes cause they were a snoozefest).
* - yes I know theres a problem when 90 level player decides to kill 10 levels, but there are ton of ways to not allow that, without taking away open world pvp This is absolutely sad that there are ton of mmorpgs but they are for snowflakes or what? U can only 1v1 via duel (both players have to accept) or in specific small arenas. This is lame as hell. Whats the point of leveling up your character and getting good items/build for weeks/months if you cant even attack other players except some rare areas? seriously, as long as you can attack only people up to 10 levels higher/lower then there should be no issue with open world pvp. yet 95% of mmorps doesnt allow this.. i hate such limitation. so oldschool, so lame. imagine getting OP sword or creating very OP build, probably best on the server, but you cant even PK others, lulz
1. They try. For political and emotional reasions. 2. They can. It is a society of high IQ, high inhib and high neuroticism, the building stones of a functional society. Neuroticism focuses on certain negative emotions and thus makes you pick up trash, act according to your concience, and not like other beings being in pain. China is high IQ and consciencious according to the stats but they lack this kind of neuroticism.
I actually went through something similar. I didn't shit for an entire week during camp. I think we went to Barcelona that time. Jfl that's nasty as fuck. Don't judge me. I'm not lying. I don't think it's disgusting if you don't smell badly. For instance, my friends were shocked when I told them. They said they couldn't smell a foul odor from me.
Star wars was good before Disney took over ngl but now its disgusting, my eyes literally burn seeing that roastie rey on the screen. Nevertheless I was on shortcels and see one of the bros had a clickbaity title, so I click it and surprise surprise, they spoiled soy wars for cucktearswe might as well start doing that here aswell.
Honest question for those who believe sexbots will never challenge women. Are humans more than the sum of their components? What is consciousness? Is having sex with a literal brain dead chick ascension? Would you rather sleep with with a 10/10 sexbot or 2/10 roastie landwhale that resents you for not being chad? We need to come to terms with the fact that we are not chad. Foids will never love us for who we are. But it is bluepilled foid worship to elevate them and their fake "love" above that of a machine. Chadfishing should show you just how worthless their love is. If I were to build a chatbot so advanced that it could perfectly mimick foid speech and then programmed it to love you, but never told you it was a machine, could you fall in love with it? That is a question of tecnical capability. I like the idea of physically interacting with my partner though. But holograms are pretty decent copes too.
You're wrong boyo, you have no evidence of this and it's retarded. Most people will have sexual attraction and romantic attachment to the person they're with in a LTR. You literally claim this moronic rhetoric with absolutely no evidence. What do you think lust is you Somalia-iqlet? Its another chemical response in your brain. Whys that anymore real than love? The fact you even had an urge to respond is a chemical reaction. The emotions you feel right now reading this are chemical reactions. When you registered on this forum it was a chemical reaction that caused it. Lol you are seriously another kind of fuckwit. Your dumb-ass "muh chemicals" cope is completely unoriginal and more tired unhelpful bs. Every single feeling you have is chemicals reacting. Your entire consciousness. It means nothing at all idiot and doesn't erase the feelings from existing or make them any less intense. Also I truly emphasize how utterly unoriginal and dumb your post it. You aren't saying anything that's not been stupidly said before. You didn't realize some deep meaningful truth nobody else has.
Well I've been NEET pretty much since I quit highschool, I've tried to get a job multiple times, but it never worked out. I either just made a fool of myself stumbling over words, getting strung along and never called back, or just me quitting because I got too stressed out. However all of that was years ago at this point. But yeah I would definitely try to get something where I work alone, in fact I probably wouldn't even be able to do anything else at this point. My social skills(which were already bad) have deteriorated to the point where I can barely converse.
This meme of kissing under the mistletoe is part of the whole Christmas memeplex, and believing you can use it to kiss any female you want is about as dumb as believing in Santa Claus. This guy got himself a valuable reality check. Time to grow the fuck up. More generally, it's a mistake to think that you can do something just because "that's what people do". People are not equal, so there are very few things that people can expect to be able to do just because they are human beings. Don't be a NPC, don't follow scripts.
I feel like other people are buried under their personalities, instincts, habits and needs, while i am above that, as in i can always make rational decision, as in my instincts were there but they had no power over me. E.g. average person my age thinks: damn i must have sexxxx i want it so much... Mb ill jerk off... Also drinking alcohol doesnt sound like bad idea.. must have these designer clothes.. mom will you buy me iPhone? Dad will you finance my driver licence? Lets go to church, God is real and important.. Not only they are full of irrational needs, but theyre also the same. Only difference between 18yo and 26 yo women is the former want your face, the latter want your money. And men jump through hops to sattisfy ungrateful women I am also a slave to certain things (not sex etc) but honestly ive realized how different am from humans. I have amazing interests but theres not ayone who shares them bcuz they're rare Wbu? Are you deep? Also, i often analyze complex systems, that made me overanalyze my own thoughts. I am too conscious and its really making me ignorant and indifferent about anything thats not me or doesnt relate to my hobies, interests and benefits The more social i am the more i lose these traits, but then i regret wasting time and i dont know why
Legit Islam is trash. Only maybe Iran had good culture despite Islam. Most other countries, have everything that truly defines their cultural identity wiped when they convert over. It's why North Africa, once a region with lots of wonderful cultures is now a borderline shithole. Afghanistan,Pakistan all had far more culture during preislamic days then now. Only people who truly benefited are gulf Arabs who are so subhuman, that they have no cultural identity but Islam.
After 3 months i went to get a haircut. The foid who cut my hair could barely stant touching my head it was painful to see her recoil her disgust ( I'm drunk right now so excuse my writing g)) she wanted to charge me more to wash my head. I told her no. This is what incel life is all about. If you want a woman to touch you, under any circumstance, you have to pay. Chad gets it for free.
2^29 = c1*10^0 + c2^10^1 + ... + c9^10^8, where {c1,c2...c9} are the 9 digits that comprise it. 2^29 mod 9 = (c1*10^0 + c2^10^1 + ... + c9^10^8) mod 9 = (c1 + ... + c9) mod 9 = 5. We have : (c1 + ... + c9) mod 9 = 5. (c1 + ... + c9 ) mod 9 = ((9(9+1))/2 - k) mod 9 = 5 (By the sum up to n formula) (9(9+1))/2 - k = 45 - k , so we need to find k such that: (45 - k) mod 9 = 5. 41 mod 9 = 5 => k = 4 4 BABY! @Total Imbecile
If you're not opposed to a roid cycle, you can get amazing results, even without roids you'll have tree stumps. Leg press is bro tier exercise, there are more injuries from a leg press machine than working your legs normally. I used to powerlift, and never once used leg press, I've seen guys damage their back and joints do to incorrect form, equipment failure ,and putting more weight than you can take. I'm not saying a short high rep low weight leg press is bad, just there are better ways to work your legs.
a lot of people have always been retarded its just that retards wouldn't be noticed as much before. Now retards get together and circle jerk each other when before they were just ostracized by most people and just fucked off. You pretty much only got info from the rich and well educated from books before so I think it makes the average population seem a lot smarter than they really were back then.
Prefer esoteric things like my avi.. but it is specific to me personally and it just fit. When I found this place it also just fit too. It was the thing missing in my mind. That and Sloths. But I don't have my avi as them. They are just lazy gamers.
I had a dream last night where I made out with a girl and she held my head while we did so. It was quite nice really, and it'd really like to experience it again. Sadly, it will remain a dream. Hopefully I will be able to dream of a similar situation tonight so I can experience it again. Am I really that pathetic? I just asked a god I don't even believe in to allow me to DREAM about this. Not experience it in reality, but dream. It's truly fucking over.
Queen is one of my favorite Rockbands, and I respect Freddy Mercury for some reason, so please leave your hate outside this Thread. He was a statusmaxxed curry and he was kinda good looking for an ethnic. In his early year before he "decided to be gay" he had a good looking white gf. When he broke up with her and Freddy was outed. Insteadt of going for Chads only like women, he dated at least looksmatched Jim Hutton and I completely respect him for that. He could get a gay Chad easily. You have to give him credit for that. It is proven that men do not have such high standards. Only women have. And that's why I hate women so much.
I was homeless for many decades. And i did many of the things in this article \/ How To Survive Being Homeless and Broke These days, “survivalism” has come to mean preparing for great events like nuclear holocaust or total government collapse. But disaster may come on a much more personal level. Individuals can suffe… mdcreekmore.com Mostly i lived near resort areas in the woods and did day labor for cash. Ofc this was before trail-cams and Forest drones, but it can still be done if you are clever enough. Some handy tips in that article. Be sure to studymaxx about "stealth camping" before you need the information! Be careful out irl bros!
-I was next to a cafe and there was this sweet girl.She was very overweight,one could say obese,but i saw real emotion in her eyes and i asked her out. She reacted with wide open eyes and said she needed to go to the bathroom.Can't wait,I hope she likes me. -Update guys.I lost my job,my housing and I was disowned by my family. The female judge was nice enough to give me the minimal sentence of 20 years without probation in a maximum security prison in Detroit. I hope I can diversify my social group by meeting some new friends of african american desent. -Update day 13 Everything's going great,I'm exploring my more femenine side,since all the inmates here call me sugar buns. Any mysoginistic idiot would get offended,but i think of women as eaqual,so i take it as a complement,some inbred piece of shit dared to cat call a female warden,I asked him to please stop and he hit me in the face. -Update day 22 I'm the most popular gal in the cell block or atleast the prisoners say so.The only uncomfortable part is going to sleep and waking up with glute cramps. -Update day 35 My asshole is like a reverse vaccum cleaner. I wonder what happened to my IT reddit account.
Climate change is happening, but it's arrogant and stupid to think that we're having such a monumental impact. The earth has gone through multiple extreme climate shifts far before resources were being combusted by humans for fuel. Nothing short of detonating nukes covering the majority of the earth's landmass is going to do anything. Even that won't do any permament damage that the earth can't recover from. Humans are ticks and fleas on the back of the earth. Earth will shake off anything we do to it.
Now that the 'OK" sign is unprotected hate speech, maybe we can claim some other every day thing and start using it as a symbol of hate and then ruin it for everyone. I was thinking of the thumbs up, or hang loose, or just wearing a white shirt or something really common Thoughts?
This shit reminds me of Gurren Lagan If survival is all you care about, then you'll accept living underground like pathetic pleb just to keep existing Survival isn't living, its just what it is, surviving, and that is never enough Just keeping a forum around so we can talk and share memes is pointless, and if they are silencing speech just to preserve that environment, they are ironically defeating the purpose of being able to talk to eachother and having an incel forum
Post your favourite quotes here. Could be funny, amusing, high IQ, relatable, quotes that made you think, etc. "Most men can't admit they are worthless." @Sparrow's Song "The sooner you realize that nobody is coming to save you and that no one truly cares for you the better. You may think someone thinks and cares about you, but ask yourself this; when was the last time someone compromised themselves for your benefit? When was the last time someone took the time out of the day to see how you're feeling? I use to ask my "friends" how they were feeling every single day, I asked about current events in their lives and any troubles they had, I attempted to aid any and all problems because I truly cared and respected them. They would smile and have conversations with me all the time, but when I was in a dark patch nobody was there for me, nobody gave a single fuck. When you stop messaging people first you start to realize your actual value. " @Arrogantcel I'm sure there are many more but I would have to researchmaxx. These two quotes are recent, so my memory is still fresh.
I remember I did this when I was really dumb when I was 10 and got bored, and some sparks flashed up which almost could’ve set me on fire or some shit. The outlet was kinda brown after that too and is still to this day a bit. What would happen if someone were to go through with this? Would they die?
Forgiveness allows you to not let another person live rent free in your mind tormenting you over and over again with what they did. And though it may seem unsatisfactory to not seek revenge I believe people can also get satisfaction with the idea that they can forgive a person but never forget. Which means you can let a wrong done to you go and forgive the person but that doesn't mean you have to associate with them ever again or trust them in the same way ever again (if for reasons of circumstance you have to continue interacting with them and dealing with them).
I fuckin hate my mother and her house improving bullshit. Always trying to wake me up to let people on the house to do repairs on it because she's a fuckin idiot boomer cunt who thinks she's gonna sell it and get back the money she put into it. Like fuck off and die bitch stop trying to wake me up and involve me in your bullshit i don't give a fuck about. Im trying to sleep all day and LDAR and not think about my fuckin WORTHLESS HORRIFIC PAINFUL existence thats HER FAULT because shes a low level genetic trash piece of sub human GARBAGE who fucked another low level genetic trash piece of sub human GARBAGE
the stupid nicknames i heard every once in a while just get daily usage now, rofl nobody working in this office can change jobs easily, most certainly not the autist next to me with several teeth fucking missing, it's so over for everyone ALL the foids monkey-branched to easier, more well-paying jobs where they can work from home several days a week.
And when I try to make those thoughts into words I cant. I've probably written 10 threads today without posting cuz I stop halfway through cuz I have to many things to say, lose track of thought or can't put thoughts into words which made me frustrated so I made a thread that said 'nigger' and got my first 10% warning which made me even more pissed off i got so many thoughts and everything but because I was born with an ugly face I can't have any friends or gf to talk about this stuff let alone have these thoughts in the first place this isolation is killing me. I actually love talking to people (even normies) because my brain was wired to get endorphins or whatever from social interaction, but because I'm ugly people find every reason they can to hate me, make fun of me, laugh at me. What a waste of a life. All because I'm ugly.
Police identify woman stabbed to death in south Wichita Officers responded at around 4:10 a.m. Saturday to a domestic call at a home near Pawnee and Washington. www.kake.com notice how they spin the story, evil white man with PRIOR DRUG CONVICTIONS brutally murders his sweet and caring roommate! but noone dares to comment why the guy wanted to EVICT her from his property, and had even called the police to help him EVICT her. Imagine what a GRADE A cunt she was to have her landlord call the police to try and get her evicted. Probably fucked dogs and smeared shit on herself while practicing for scat fetish videos or something LIFEFUEL in the end of the day!
So I was at one of my friend's house watching their TV which was necessary since my asshole father had taken out all the kids channels, I was like 12 at the time. The bastard comes there and starts yelling at me to go home with him, this annoys me because I was watching something interesting I can't see at home, I tell him to wait for a few minutes. Then I continue with this a few times, I see he is getting impatient and mad and eventually agree to go back home, he acts calmly, he usually doesn't bear grudges so I don't think anything is wrong. So I walk back in and he suddenly starts yelling at me very loudly, swearing at me and calling me all kinds of hurtful names, telling me my friend was embarrassed by how desperate I was to watch his TV and I was making him look bad. He punctuates his words with fists. I get shoved to the floor, punched, kicked and beaten, I might have even gotten belted. It was pretty painful, definitely got some cuts and bruises, though no broken bones or permanent injury.
I'm not the only one who has noticed that, right? More and more young white women look like chadlites on steroids themselves these days. Like, recently, at my mother's birthday, there were the neighbors with her daughter. Their daughter is 13 and this girl is around 6'0'' tall! I'm around 6'2'' and she wasn't much shorter than me. Young white women are six feet tall, they have fucking MANJAWS holy fuck have you noticed how many young white women there are with manjaws? They even have deeper voices: The reasons why women’s voices are deeper today We’re not talking Barry White here but some fascinating research reveals how women’s voices are becoming deeper in some countries. www.bbc.com And broader shoulders. And either fat, muscular, or skinnyfat. I mean, fuck, we're really turning into a genderless species here. Men are becoming genderless soyboys who bald prematurely, always looking as if they are older and younger at the same time. Many men look like they're 15 and 50 at the same time. And women become these 6'1'' beasts with manjaws and two pounds of brown roast beef between their legs. Yuck!
you mean this here? If I record, I choke a lot. In the video I was constantly typing 170-180 and then went to 161 in the last 2 words My typing stamina is awful, I have the pace but can't keep it. I need to practice. My fast typing comes mostly from playing video games and communicating with text messages with other players.
When i cum into the paper towel i always realize the futility of human existence . i realize that we are bound by instincts and that i am just another slave to this System . And by masturbating , i essentially cucked myself and let cruel mother nature win again . By giving in to my primal urges , i admit defeat . I surrender and throw my ideals out the window for some instant gratification and a short rush of dopamine , before i am engulfed by shame and regret . Even if i ascended , i would probably feel like shit afterwards . What even is my purpose on this planet ? ------- Two Days later , i will go through this shit all over again . Didnt some famous guy say once that insanity is doing the same thing over and over again , expecting different results ? Or was it just Vaas from Far cry ? jfl Autism has become an epidemic .
I swear to god I'll find you and I'll fucking eat you alive. You want to post that cucked shit on the forum, Buddy buckaroo? Oh I'll fucking know. And when I know I will promise you that the judgement will be swift and I will show no mercy to you. I will come over to your normie home, with your girlfriend on the couch behind you as you post on incels.co, laughing as people respond to your dumb stupid bluepilled threads. I will proceed to devour you and that dirty whore you call a "woman", damning you to an eternity of despair and doom, so stop posting your lumpy diarrhea pieces of shit posts or I'll know you unoriginal chunks of decomposing baby fat. I'LL EAT YOU ALIVE @nihility is kind of cool hes ok so is @Capable_Onion hes cool too
Porn is how the elites are trying to genocide you. It's a weapon, always was from the beginning. I find amusing how some people can't seem to even conceive one could go on in life without porn, when people did for thousands and thousands of years. Now i'll conceded that incels are a special case, but you still can't ignore what porn is, a mean to destroy your soul. You can use it if you want, but let's not pretend you are not getting damaged by it, because you are.
By Professor B. McGirlsex, PhD in INCELDOM (Cambridge, UK), M.B.B.S (Kings College, London, UK), BSc (Hons) (APNP) Ive noticed how the people rotting in inceldom regard having a girlfriend as their highest possible aspiration (Is this not worship?) There are a lot of High IQ (chess Grandmaster level IQ) folks in here but not having a girlfriend paralyzes them to such an extent that they cant apply their superior intellect to its maximum extent to solve global challenges as the fact that foids treat them like trash eats away at them like a cancer. They would get more joy from getting a girlfriend than they would get from finding the cure to cancer. A foid is the most precious prize to them (is this not worship?) If a genie were to grant every Male on earth 3 wishes, only incels would have a foid as one(or more) of their wishes. Chads/normies would wish to become president of the planet or to have a billion $ e.t.c but only incels would wish for a girl (is this not worship?)
Learn to read lefty. I didn't mention prostitutes, only whores and single mothers. Which were so common the government needed to reverse course. And the poster is meaningless propaganda. Same with the free love bullshit of the 60s. Read the article about what actually happened. Lots of sexually liberated single mothers with bastard children. Sluts walking naked down the street. Exactly what we have today. Females likely all haram'd around the top males like they do today as well. Do you support fatherless children/children being property of the state as well? Feminism, female empowerment, and the destruction of the family are core tenants of your ideology. They always have been. Stop fucking denying it and own it.
Lol low iq post not gonna lie. The emotional attachment to partners has existed among humans since the first hominids you actually moron lmao. Since when does having sexual desire for their partners prevent people from developing a strong connection to that person and their brain chemicals reacting in such a way as to cause love? I swear the posts on this site get dumber and dumber every day. This is maximum copepill. The truth is most people will experience both lust and love and have it reciprocated, except us. Cope harder though. This thread is cope of the year ngl, truly outstanding levels of "interpreting" reality so you feel less envious of what most people on this planet will experience. The truth is that romantic love is a chemical response that originally served to keep partners together and to protect each other (therefore increasing the likelihood of the offsprings survival), and if you're with someone and enjoy being with them you're going to develop attachment towards them. Especially if you're with them every day and even sleep in the same bed and do loads of shit together. Fuck I love some male friends I have. It's not a romantic love but its a very strong attachment and affection. However you pointing out its a chemical reaction literally means nothing, yes it's true but completely irrelevant. Every single emotional response we have is a chemical reaction. I know its sounds edgy to be like "hurrdurr itz just chemicals gais lmao!" but its the most pointless shit ever. So fucking what? So is everything else. It doesn't mean humans don't have an intense desire to be validated and wanted, that's so deeply ingrained in them. You identifying the cause solves fuck all edgelord.
The ultimate thug maxxed youth. He lived in Chicago, Illinois. His mom was a crackhead and his dad was doing life in prison in Wisconsin. By 8 years old he had committed armed robbery and was a full fledged Black Disciples gang member. In his short life he had racked up 23 felonies and 5 misdemeanors. At the age of 11 he shot a 14 year old girl to death and shot another 13 year old boy, partially paralyzing him. They said he approached the boy with a gun and asked him "what set you from" meaning what gang was he affiliated with. He then opened fire on the 13 year old and one of the stray bullets hit the 14 year old girl. He was known to be a mean fighter, even beating up bigger and older boys in fights and a lot of boys were scared of him. Even at 9 or 10 years old he was taking on 12 and `13 year old boys in fights and winning. After he shot the boy and girl, the leaders of his gang decided that he was bringing too much heat on the gang and needed to die. They knew that when the police caught him, he knew too much and a lot of the older gang members would probably go to jail. So two brothers, one 14 and one 16 year old Black Disciple gang members lured him to a highway underpass and shot him in the back of the head and killed him. He was 11 years old.
I just think it's a funny quote, not trying to spread gay shit. "Lmao, they try to show off their small and non-existent asses. It's only looks decent for some because most women are short and proportions make illusionially have "decent sized" asses but I can see through that and realize most of these girls asses are trash and unimpressive. A real great ass is my ass. I worked my ass off building monstrous booty that makes the gay dudes go fruity. My ass is rock solid thicc and muscle and very impressive. It pops out regardless if I wear sweatpants or not. In fact females don't even come close to males in terms of body anatomy and muscle proportions. Look how trash female bodybuilding is compared to male bodybuilding. The male body is the most superior. The only thing Femoids have is that disgusting roast beef curtains. Females asses are disgusting and flabby and unimpressive. And they like to get butt implants and photoshop and have anterior pelvic tilt in their photos to make it look "big" fuckin instagram whores. " - @Tellem-T
I’m not even talking about banter or playful insults by friends. If someone seriously hates me, and treats me with disrespect or attempts to maliciously bully me, I will exert my dominance quickly. This usually leaves them fearful for their well being and they stop. I once told a stupid slut that I would backhand her if she disrespected me again and called her a stupid, retarded bitch. I whispered it into her ear and she shut up very quickly and never said anything derogatory to me again.
If my life were made into a movie and played from beginning to end, it'd be full of scenes of me being beaten, bullied, verbally assaulted, and otherwise tortured. It'd be considered the most tragic film of all time, a million times worse than any gore-fest like Passion of The Christ. It's almost ironic to mention that movie honestly, I suffered for the sins of this cruel, humanity's evil nature, almost like Jesus Christ, but you don't see anyone worshipping me. Anyway it'd be a real tearjerker, the whole audience would need tons of tissue paper, even then some of them are too far gone and would only use it for masturbation.
Well, it depends if you die and you don't have any diseases present in your organs, AND you can be put on life support so your body is kept in good condition as you die. Organs go bad quickly, and most people don't end up having theirs kept from going bad in time. You can't put the pork liver at the butcher's back in the pig and have it work. Less than an hour after your heart stops beating your body is not good for much other than soil enrichment and feeding maggots. All those people who die at home? Disqualified. Mangled in some kind of accident? Disqualified. Cancer? Disqualified. Septicaemia? Disqualified. Left to sit in the hospital bed for too long or left to rot by African retirement home nannies? You've gone off. This is why the idea that doctors will kill organ donors to harvest their organs is such a dumb and dangerous (in places with opt-in organ donation systems, which I disagree with because it kills people on waiting lists and encourages organ trafficking, both of which I think are reasons governments keep things as they are) misconception. If you are in a car crash or some shit they will make sure your body is kept in as pristine a condition as possible so you can actually help people, you are giving the doctors an incentive to keep hot oxygenated blood pumping through your veins for as long as they can. It's more likely to help you than it is to harm you. Don't rope if you want to help sick kids.
Women love seeing men brutalizing other men: They just LOVE it when men stab each other in the back (literally or figuratively) in order to win women's approval. Men are like slaves in an arena then: supposed to destroy each other in order to win a woman's approval. They love male disposability. What they HATE is seeing men having each other's back and bringing down female supremacy.
Ugly femorloids, unless doing something very evil , dont deserve that, they just ugly and tfu on them. But pretty thot is epitome of evil. With beauty comes responsibility, to make world better place, to use beautty for brightening lives of those who in need. But femoidic creatures have no responsibility, only animalistric breeding instincts, and so using beauty only as toil to find more chads and extortt money from betas. Pretty humanimal whore is most evil creature in this planet this is not related to inceldom
The "slippery slope" is known as a fallacy, and just that. The lack of distinction between "light femdom" and being pegged is absurd. Just because someone else doesn't share your fetish for Asian midgets, doesn't mean they're faggots. How the fuck do you even know these guys are into ass play? Do you spend your time researching femdomcels and interviewing escorts? I think you're just ridiculously hung up on the most trivial of issues, because not everyone else is an incel the way you are. Do you not realize that this is a fetish thread
Is it just me or can anyone not stand the site of vaginas? It literally sends my mind into a mental breakdown and I just have to close the tab or my monitor whenever there's a clear view of one. I'm not gay, but vaginas are gross. Cucktears foid offering to have sex with incels for free | Incels - Involuntary Celibate Still waiting for that but I will post it as soon as I get it. I talked to her and she seems serious about meeting up with me lol. She's from Australia so if any Australiancels want to risk their lives, it's up to you. This is her btw: What do you guys think? incels.co Do you agree?
When i was younger i thought it was long ago, but now i got older i think it wasnt that long ago at all ww 2 started 1939 ended 1945. not only during the war, but also between ww1 and ww2 life sucked. was I born 60 years earlier, my life would be sh*t this is insane. i get to live a live and do whatever i want for 70 years or whatever. oh, and theres also internet and games now. INSANE !!! though my life is terrible anyway, i have to say I WAS VERY LUCKY TO BE BORN NOW AND NOT BEFORE
...Then why does society act like drunk rapists know what they’re doing? I mean If a guy who would never rape someone when he’s sober Suddenly gets drunk and raped someone and when he becomes sober again and regrets it and is horrified by his crime, why should we act like he knew what he’s doing and why should we act like he would never regret his behavior? If he didn’t get drunk he wouldn’t rape someone i bet most people deep down agree with what I’m saying but won’t admit it because they’re afraid to offend people nobody deserves to be raped and rape is wrong but I don’t think drunk rapists knew what they’re doing, just like how drunk drivers don’t intend to kill anyone. If drunk people can’t consent because they don’t know what’s going on around them, then drunk rapists don’t know what they’re doing either. To prevent rape maybe some guys should avoid being drunk? Select yes or no on the poll and explain in your post
I read: How to gymcel without goyim? Alphadestiny has a few videos on how to set up a better homegym. I know some guys here hate him but some of his advice are good. You need plates, a barbell, and a bench. Also a squat rack too if you are really serious.
Jury Rules Against Texas Dad Fighting 7-Year-Old Son’s Gender Transition On Monday, a jury ruled against a Texas father, Jeffrey Younger, attempting to stop his seven-year-old son from a gender transition being facilitated by Dr. Anne Georgulas, the boy’s mother and Younger’s ex-wife. “With a consensus of 11 of the 12 jurors, the jury decided not to grant Mr. Younger... www.dailywire.com Save James Save James, Save Thousands of Kids savejames.com THIS IS WHY I HATE WEST THIS IS WHY I HATE WOMEN THIS IS WHY IM A MISOGYNIST
These are quotes from Matti Nykänen (Finnish athlete, also an alcoholic. Now dead): "Kysymys kuulostaa kysymykseltä." = [that] question sounds like a question "Alkoholiongelma on se, että ei ole alkoholia." = Alcohol problem is when there is no alcohol "Jos mies on lomalla, naiset pitävät turpansa kiinni." = When a man has a holiday, women should shut the hell up Quotes from Finnish YouTuber Pasi Viheraho: ”Kahvi on myrkkyä.” = Coffee is poison ”Käytiin äsken tossa Ääsmarketissa.” = We just went to ASS Market (Finland has a chain of shops called S-Market) ”Katainen perkele!” = Katainen (Former prime minister) perkele (Finnish curse word/insult)
I was gonna say like "I don't understand this post, so can you explain it a different way", so count yourself lucky srsly tho, I know what you're on about when you just want insufferable people to just leave you alone. It's not like you can just say "You, you as a person are an annoying piece of shit and I can't stand any of your mannerisms"
Excluding funerals, all dead bodies i've seen have been related to violent criminals in some way, one was an old friend of my dad who got killed by druglords for not paying debts with them, he owned a bar close to a slum, nice dude tbh, people all knew and liked him and were shocked by it; and 2 criminals who ran their motorcycle into a power pole running from the police, one of them got their leg turned into a bloody mass of tendrils by the impact, i'm pretty desentisized to stuff like this but it was disgusting to look at ngl.
I lived with an ex-gang member from Bangladesh in college. Growing up he dealt with all the typical shit of being from one of those places: poverty, violence, etc. His mom had health issues and screamed and screamed but they could not get to a doctor. Once, his shoe lace got caught and he was almost cut in half by a bus, intestines and all. At college he even pulled knives on multiple people including me because that's what he had been conditioned to do as a kid. After getting to know me and my life he felt bad and called it a trainwreck. "Atleast I'm not him", he mocked. Now, he is back in his country but happy with lots of friends and status. Being incel is horrible no matter the location. Some things may be worse but I won't fall for the "there's starving kids in Africa bro" meme.
That's true. Lots of folks are one missed check away from being homeless. But for me it was ok. I lived pretty well because i had skills and proper gear. It wasn't horrible! It was hard yes, but not like if i lived in a city. I did that but in abandoned buildings. Hook up the electric and bam! Free heat - with a 110ac heater! - with an extension cord! Not via the ruined wiring of the place!!! - Hid my shit during the day in the junk pile lol! Most of the homeless fuckers in America thought the same thing! That's why it shattered their minds. Made them crazy... I was raised middle class. My dad owned 2 business's. But i was a Boy scout before it got ruined and cucked. So camping was fun for me. Not easy, but not as hard as it could have been. Thanks bro!
Whenever I walk past a woman who looks feminist enough in the city I always vividly imagine her getting angry and calling me an incel creep if I look at her too long or she gazes at me. Not sure what parts of the internet these hoes use, my brain says they're gonna say some reddit shit but if all of them were that way my city's subreddit wouldn't be dead and full of people asking how to get public service jobs/which drug addict and vibrant-laden neighbourhoods to avoid when moving here. The young high school kids on my bus jokingly take the piss out of each other by calling each other cuck and soyboy though, there is no way the next gen will be as bluepilled as the last with internet access constantly. IT behave like dumb boomers not understanding things like "kino" and "coom" when they see us say them, zoomers will awarenessmog the shit out of past cucked generations. They will see an ugly male feminist coping and their brain will instantly default to him being a soyboy- > no women wanting to fuck him -> him posting on IT to win over fair maidens in the back of his mind. The worst cucked conditioning will no longer work soon and even backfire.
brutally over. i am enraged at being curry. we curry muslims have n oancestry to check. casue fucking retards didnt keep records. this on top of being a fucking manlet,no friends, no bitches. nothing to live for. is filling me with more hate. i will ahve to go to monastery soon to keep myself sane
It was a damn great movie, too bad I got trolled by fake script and expected Arthur to call Sophie a whore. That would have been a moment for the ages, after not seeing that I could not help but be disappointed. Spoiler: Warning, spoilers My favorite track is not one of the various insert songs, but the original track when Arthur returns home to find his mother taken to ER. My favorite scene is either Murray getting shot or Randall getting shanked and Gary being spared. I didn't find the ending to be particularly tear inducing, I mean he murders a random woman and then plays hide and seek with the nurses in the asylum, it was easily the weakest part of the movie.
Doubtly it would be from lithuania or other close place, but from far away. Very good sedentary overcautious upbringing parents gave me, that even travelling to other city without them felt like flight to another planet, and so travelling to Vietnam would be intergalactic quest. Thats dienst not sound bad really, but in reality to do it on surface of this inhospitable planet of humanimals Should I go for ugly lithuanian roasties? Have no time, fapping to cute animu lolis ugly roasties disgusting
Fincel is a spammer, Kingofrome is literally a vegan soyboi (good writer tho). In fact pp is also a spammer, mainlander postmaxxed but his posts aren't all trash though. You just chose spammers because you are familiar with them. The best posters tend to be random 20 post count noobs that disappear, most of the best posts are buried in avatars, quotemaxxing, etc.
it will not replace. Because logos is opposit to music. They are not equal to philosophers they just use couple of lines stolen from philosophers of the past. And message of these musical priests of neo hi tech paganism is always the same ; it is about some kind of budhism. Love of being and rational ways to avoid suffering. Logos dies when music prevails. But we true thinkers people of logos are against being therefore we are against spirit if music. We hate life and living.
I haven't tried a 100% carnivore diet but I have been on low carb for years and I'm trying to eat more animal while cutting out carbs. I don't think I will ever eat as he do but it feels great knowing that I eat a lot of tasty nutritious meat while lefist roasties eat trash.
You really only dug on the surface of this man? He not only raped actual children, but he brutally tortured to death and killed babies and children aswell. You think the obsession with Epstein is with any of the mainstream nonsense they have on him? Why the fuck would they kill him over basic bitch prostitution with teenagers? This dude was a satanic agent who not only murdered and raped and sacrificed children, was someone who was the gateway for many other elites to do the same thing aswell, many with much more sickening and brutal tastes than him. Making kidnapped childrens final hours a living hell for their sexual pleasure. This dude was exposed for this shit years ago, I was talking about this dude before even 2016, probably even 2015 about him doing this shit. Go deep lore into the pizza gate stuff on him man, this information has been out there for years.
So you don't believe in casuality? Why choose a low tier body and a position in life you hate? 1Even if you were in control of you actions you are powerless before the powers who brought you there be it the demiurge, your parents, society your genes and fate 2your mind functions are part of your brain that's why there's a difference between facing death with euthanasia or facing it tortured by normals if you have an extra action to take you away from your body you might be a supra human or something else but please share how you escaped your body 3 so you think just because you are able about your life you are free from your strings? I think you are talking about free choice not free will you can choose to eat the rotten fruit you got but you can't change the rotten fruit into a fresh one or like Schope put it "a man can do what he wills but can't will what he wills"
There it is. Feminism builds on itself. Even the very first wave "true" feminism was wrong. Females have a monopoly on life creation. That gives them enough power already. Anything else enables their hypergamy. Hypergamy is genetic. Its older than mankind itself. It cannot be stopped, only violently controlled via society. Hypergamy is the natural female imperative to weed out genetically unfit males. How would you know for sure? Tell me how there were sluts and bastard in any of the European fascist states. Especially Francoist Spain. Yes. Destroying the family as the basic unit of society is straight from the manifesto. Trotsky also talked about it in "From the Old Family to the New". There are hundreds of interpretations of marxism. This is similar to a christan saying that "it wasn't real christianity". Since I'm dealing with a lefty, may you identify what kind of leftism you identify with? A state can be "owned" by whoever. That doesn't mean the power of the state is owned by said workers. Its power owned by whoever is the most manipulative. Who can decieve and lie the best. You will taking your child raising orders from these techocrats, not from the "workers" or the broader proletariat. In a democratic system, the people with highest chance of election are those who can manipulate the most. Not the most qualified.
Movies are loud enough anyways to drown it out. Omg you have no idea how much this pisses me off, its not like I can rewind and rewatch it. Also, if you go during the day, there are these groups of literally retarded people that go to the movies, and they make all these retarded moaning sounds like seals. I can't believe that their caretakers think it's a good idea for them to be in public. If I can't be loud during a movie, then THEY can't either! Same, I'm watching the Dark Knight Rises I hate horror movie trailers. I don't understand why people like horror movies. Are they really that dead inside that they need to be scared awake? However, I am totally down for well produced thrillers, like The Others.
For the past 6 weeks I haven't attended any lectures because every living second of my time there; all i could think about was methods of killing myself or ways I could kill most of the foids on campus (IN GTA V). Everywhere there was chads/chadlites with ethnic foids whom wouldn't give their ethnic looksmatch the time of day. Foids wearing the tightest clothing they possibly can (as it's winter). Anyway had to go to campus today to get some required papers and JFL. Everywhere couples. My mood was immediately ruined and now i wouldn't mind dying again. I can't even fit in with all the normies. Foids giving me unwarranted looks of disgust. It's over. Any college(unicels)cels that may end up seeing this, Only attend lectures if it counts towards your final grade or it's compulsory for some stupid reason. Work from your room and if possible enroll in a reputable online uni. Heading to the gym for even more suicidefuel.
Kind of a lose-lose position for us incels. On the one hand, this is obviously a feminist move against heterosexuality, against the idea of dancing women being cute and sexy while men engage in competitive sports. On the other hand, women use this to slut it up, to look sexy for Chad and then accuse unattractive men of harassment. On the other hand: the type of women who most support this ban are feminist SJW. The type of women who actually do the dancing are mostly white trash and foreigners. College girls out of middle-class families don't do cheerleading. They read feminist magazines and support bans such as these. And these college girls are AT LEAST as slutty as the white trash working-class types. So ... by and large, I find the ban rather sucks. It's a victory for SJW feminists. And these SJW feminists are the worst sluts. White trash dancing in cheerleader uniforms is not as bad SJW college girls from middle-class families.
every time i fuck up, he tells me that my life are in shambles. i don't mind conforming this fact to him, but that's not dad like behavior. he gives me confidence boost 20% of the time (which is fake because he always exaggerates), and 80% of the time he hangs up on my failures. it could even be something small as bad smell or waking up at the wrong time. he can give me a 10 min lecture about waking up late or not wearing the proper clothes. then it hit me, i was raised to be a failure. if this grumpy fucker knew how to handle children, i would have been a success by now. its a story about a failed parent, that showers his children with resources and nothing else. this dude is so negative i can't even have a 10 min conversation with him without him going on a ramble on what i should do with my life. also, you'd think he would do anything but giving me a bed to sleep in and some food, but no.- he refuses to give me any amount that exceeds 100$ even if it meant i could get the fuck out of this place. i have about 10k$ in trustfund and he refuses to give it to me. only at the 'right time'. i don't even consider him to be my dad anymore, he is just some guy to me. a real dad would step up and try to have a real conversation with me instead of lashing out like a faggot.
If you are blind, you are in a way subhuman (I don't want to offend blindcels, it's just an example). But if you are kept in the dark, you are not blind. Or if you were poorly fed during childhood. You end up being weak or get diseases like rickets, but that doesn't make you subhuman in the sense incels usually understand that word, that is genetically inferior.
I have a question for you all, but especially ricecels, what do you make of the recent Hong Kong debacle. All the mainstream Western news outlets(New York Times/NPR) are talking about the evils of China and how Trump is to blame, as well e-celeb conservetard sexual degenerates(Soygon, Paul Joseph Watstein) seem to be rallying against "nazi china". Can anyone explain what is actually so bad about China, seems like the only thing the people of Hong Kong want are the freedom to have anal sex and do drugs? I honestly hate US hegemony, it's just global cuckery/degeneracy. I would love to see a truly ascendant China and an increasingly irrelevant US
The game is infuriating. I have not raged as hard as it as any other cod. Terrible netcode, terrible hit detection, RNG recoil, the WORST maps in the entire series hands down, there is seriously not a single even mediocre map they're all god awful, only two good guns everyone uses, one of which is the Olympia which one shot Snipes people across the map, footsteps are too loud so everyone camps, claymores everywhere and flak jacket doesn't work. Ghost works 24/7, dead silence is not a peek so everyone just camps with shotguns and claymores because the maps make it even easier to do so. This games a fucking trainwreck abomination, it's legit worse than ghosts and infinity ward is absolutely dead to me by this point. They can't make a good game anymore.
We have the typical visual novels, light novels, manga and animation out there. A typical romance, a harem with a typical bluepilled protagonist who is dull in its design and most of them are female worshippers as well. They act overly friendly towards females despite the fact females treat the main character like trash, ignore him or the main character is the center of all female attention although he is not special at all. I want to see a real and rough animation, visual novel or manga.
Really though, I don't understand why cucks send her money, and the same goes for all the foids like her. I mean if you don't get to fuck her, then what's the point? Do cucks somehow not realize that they could fap to literally anything else? Do they not realize that her "content" reserved for patreon supporters can be found elsewhere online for free? I'm just lost, these cucks confuse me.
He's an ugly framelet manlet. He's been slaving away at some shithole grocery store for twenty years. He's as simp and bluepilled as they get. My old managers were old foids. They were unironically less judgemental and more understanding than this colossal faggot. I'm going to quit and tell him to suck my dick if he tries any stupid shit like that again. I'll also remind him he's a nobody slave. That's what I said. I just said "ok". Yeah, I am tall and gymcel, but I'm also a sperg and neurotic so that brings it down anyway.
They deserve to lose a fuck ton of money if they go through with that dumb ass idea of theirs to release a second version of the console with no disc tray. Physical media must never dissapear entirely. Otherwise illegal and oftentimes shoddy emulation will be the only way to play the games 20 or 30 years from now.
@IamJacksBrokenHeart Get rid of the spoilers. Its fucking annoying to have to click 15 times just to see pictures. Why cant we just scroll? Its like you put extra effort into annoying everyone. Maybe save ONE spoiler for the top #1 avi or something. But having them for all 15 is just trolling.
tbh. thats why I get annoyed at the "lazy but smart" copers out there. Who fucking cares if you never use it? They want to get praised and worshiped despite not doing anything. (also most of the people who claim to be lazy but smart aren't smart in the first place)
Yeah southern foids are more feminine, but less picky? Hmm...I don’t think so. Most southern foids I know hate me just for existing and look at me as if I’m a giant insect. It doesn’t help that I’m a spic and most of them are Trump supporters (but to be fair, I do know one Georgia foid that is genuinely sweet, but she’s the exception rather than the rule)
Anybody who can ask that question must have a pretty tolerable life, because you feel as if you have a choice between being a coward or not People don't stop being cowards by deciding, you stop being a coward when you realize you don't have a choice to be one, you just aren't in a place in life right now to stop being a coward A life or death situation would change you, or when you finally realize that being a coward (high inhib) has prevented you from grasping certain oppurtunities, that's when you'll stop, because you won't see it as a choice anymore, its do or die, succeed or fail, there is no choice
My brother plays mainly mmorpgs and he says there are no good ones too. The last one he played was archeage and that game looks so fucking retarded. You do the most mundane shit in that game like manually farming and carrying crates of shit long distances to trade. He had things like a x1000 stack of eggs in his inventory like wtf. And it's apparently complete p2w trash now. It's over for mmorpgcels
That's true, but my library doesn't have anymore good books for me to read. I go through them to fast and there is nothing substantive left except for shitty fantasy novels. I do have a university library pass because of my math classes, though the library is pretty far and my parents cannot take me there often. I hate reading ebooks. Apart from reading, I really have no other productive copes. I don't have any musical talent whatsoever, and I don't need to study for school subjects. I can't wait till I'm in college tbh, I can actually put myself to work on intellectually stimulating topics. Right now I just end up spending most of my free time thinking.
I drank caffeinated drinks since I was young, my grades have always been awful and my attention span is so short I can't even hold basic conversations. Never once have I studied in my whole life despite being a literal addict to caffeinated drinks. So that's going to be a big N O for me. This
Try to train every day like they do and play with injuries and then question their toughness. Only cucks don't respect the manliness that the athletes represent. There's a reason why cucks and women hate sports. Also this genetics thing is overblown, if you don't have the mentality you can't play sports at the highest level no matter what genes you have. 50% of everything you do is about the mental aspect.
I hate Asian foids as much as anyone, but is it really fair to hate on them for this? I mean we talk about face, height, frame, etc and say that race is not a MAJOR driver in itself, it's purely that race has a large distributional effect on the above (ie. Very few Asian men have a good face or frame or height, hence the probability an Asian man has all 3 tends to 0 as number of observations falls). In that case isn't what Asian women do rational? I may complain that in Asia u see Asian women with bottom 10% quality white men in terms of genetics and status, but those guys are bottom 10% in the west, they are still top 10% when compared to Asian men, so they are rational, no?
In high school I had chosen to study programming and computer science JFL. Big mistake. Teacher was fat, bald, with ugly jaw and eye area, an absolute truecel if it wasn't for his height. He was very boring and not good at teaching, at the end of the year he gave a test so dumb that was almost impossible to screw up since there were mostly basic questions just to promote everyone.
New low in the empathy limbo. This is what awaits you if you are a bumcel in Germany. Düsseldorf drops rocks from a road to repel homeless people. The mayor of the city, Geisel (which literally translates into "scourge") said this was a cleaning of a special kind. Blackmetal? You repel homeless people and call it a cleaning. That's so sadistic and wrong. Refugee scum on the other hand are treated like kings. Reminder that if you are a bumcel in Germany, your biggest enemy will be thwomp.
It definely could've been heaven if evilness and hypocrisy and people being rude to other people for no reason didn't exist. Everyone just wants to feel superior than everyone for no reason, despite the other person not doing anything to deserve it. Or could've been heaven if humanity didn't exist, look how nature is beaultiful
"Fashion" is a scam created to get foids to waste money on big brands, it just means wearing what other people like instead of what you like. Either wear what you think looks good on you or wear something that's comfortable to walk around in. If you're sub-8, you're not going to impress anyone by wearing 'trendy' clothing anyway. I see truecels making that mistake on a daily basis and they just look ridiculous.
its a requirement on pretty much every job site. I feel so mogged when someone says they're going home in a car while I have to go to the bus stop and time my schedule around it like a cuckold, and going to everyone else's stops while listening to annoying teenagers yelling about Al Qaeda or somesuch retardation
I had changed jobs 3 months back and didnt use their FSA account money(~$2000+). And u only have 2.5 months from quitting old employer to use that money. so today i go to get CAT scan that costs $307 and the old card doesnt work. and i ask what why and they tell me to call fsa and stupid fucking niggers tell me it wont work no more as its been 2.5 months past being with old employer. I had to pay out of pocket while old company can leech off my old funds JFL. USA loves fucking over "middle" class. more like wagecuck subhuman dog who is cucked and financially rape at every single turn by rich niggers and the gynocentric government. Just lol at being a wagecuck in 2019. i have legit lost $2500 plus just because i was retarded FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK USA! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dunno. I hate drinking, pork is meh and hijabs make me erect. They also want to wipe cucks off the face of the Earth violently which is epic. I guess the pastor was nice to me tbh and maybe I will relate better to people more Western than Muslims (although Western is a synonym for degenerate so probably just coping). Maybe I should go Muslim at some point. Christcuckoldry has no balls so they won't blacklist me if I leave. I would want to learn Arabic first too so I can understand their mud prayers and not have to read an English translated Quran that reads like a book for retarded 7 year olds.
All my tears were cried out a long time ago. Unlike 90+% of this forum I truly have had an awful life, I don't share it all for various reasons. When I get drunk alone I either -get loopy and in a good mood because my senses and mind is dulled which therefore=less pain both physical and mental -fall into an introspective cycle which forces me to think about life more than I usually do because I usually bottle all my shit baggage up. And then tonight happens where I'm just feeling too hard tbh, which is extremely bad, because the only reason I'm alive right now is due to my unhealthy coping mechanisms that are the only ones that get the job done i.e. push it down. PUSH IT DOOWWWN. NO MATTER HOW MUCH IT WANTS TO COME BACK UP, IF YOU WANT TO MAKE IT ANOTHER NIGHT, PUSH IT DOWN I wondered when you were gonna get in here to fucking cuck (love you bro)
Trying to get into shape just so you can be attractive to foids is cucked, it's borderline foid behavior; they usually exercise just so they can be better cum dumpsters for chad. Not going to the gym is cucked because you are allowing yourself to be weak, and there is nothing more pathetic and cucked than a weak man. Which leaves only one option, hitting the gym hard and mercilessly until you are strong enough to crush anyone that stands in your path and then continuing to make yourself stronger until you die. Over if you're not apexpredatormaxxing.
Think about it. Nobody likes rats, they find them disgusting, rats have every negative connotation possible attached to them, normies scream when they see one and they all want them dead just like us. I think that in few decades incels will have to hide in sewers and catacombs just like rats to ensure survival and to prevent being hunted down and exterminated by normies who despise us and want us all gone.
Don't know if it's something I ate because I eat the same food more or less everyday, but right now my intestines are refusing to cooperate with me and now Im feeling bloated as hell. As if I didn't hate my body enough, once again it's deciding to screw me over. How the fuck do I fix this?
I'll never understand this. It's like saying "it's not all white men, just the patriarchal ones". At what point does your ethnic/religious criteria for evil people become so useless in determining actual, y'know, wrongdoing, that you just abandon it altogether? How does saying "it's teh Jews" help at all when you have to say right after, "well, only *these* Jews." It's like saying "all theft is the result of black people" and then when questioned on it saying "well, it's only *these* black people, they're the elite thieves". Your criteria becomes useless if it doesn't even apply to the majority of the group.
I've got absolutely no problem with female characters or leads in movies or games.. never thought anything of it until they started being forced under this feminist and liberal agenda. It's the ones that are forced I hate. Like I've got no issues at all about having other races as game characters and stuff I just hate when they do it because they think they have to or push some agenda with a poorly built up and written character rather than one that feels more natural
Other day I was chilling minding my own business when some bitch behind me says that dumb statement , I turned around to see the whore in her 30s if not 40s that looks used up af     , I couldn't handle it and started laughing JFL, dark day for whichever betabuxx cuck that will marry the whore.
I have to wait in the psychiatrist office for up to hours and it's so fucking shit, but at least there is relaxing classical music, which is lovely to listen to Some FUCKING POST WALL ROASTIE just walked up to the stereo and switched it to fm radio saying "I hate this boring nonsense" and now instead of ambient piano we're listening to radio advertisments
He tends to leave politics out of most of his videos so I do enjoy watching his reviews time to time. I don't really care about the political convictions of content creators and musicians as long as it isn't overbearing on the content itself. But yes a lot of his left-leaning views are pretty dumb to say the least.
"Dear loser incels, Get a job. Show up on time, every time, and do a good job. Get a better job, save your money. Be patient, success in life doesn't happen overnight. Apply yourself, buy a car, stop blaming other people for your bitter heart." I find it hilarious that ITcucks are the same people who criticize conservitards for using the "pull yourself up by the bootstraps" argument, yet when talking about ugly men, it's logically sound to them. Sure, I'll just pull up my oribitals and change my skin color.
Those Cucks probably claim to hate gay men, yet they're jerking of to gay ass lesbian Anime girls kissing and scissoring each other. Literally worshipping lesbian women, who would reject you. I hate those Whiteknight Cucks tbh. Knowing some of you Yuri fags are posting here, come and face me. The guy holding the camera is a typical Yuri Cuck tbh.
Yeah, I usually try to ignore threads like these. But I saw multiple comments/threads in this direction from OP and I couldn't handle it anymore. We are already a very critical group and most of the normies want to ban/split us. Discussing about such tendencies like OP did just make it worse, they give them just one more reason to hate us. It contributes in a shutdown of places like these. The mods should ban these people tbh asap tbh...
I was hopeful that Joe Biden would at least get the nomination and so if trump lost the consequences wouldn't be so bad. With this feminist cunt in office, ITS OVER. All our sites will be blocked and many of us might be arrested. The disgusting democrats will flood the country With migrants and that will ensure they stay in power forever because those low iq uneducated swine just blindly vote democrat. The whole country will look like disgusting cuckfornia and san Francisco! Either we just rope or escape! There's no other option! Fuck this world! Fuck the west! Fuck the feminists, fuck the jews, fuck the fbi, fuck the government, fuck the migrants, fuck the media, fuck california, fuck the internet, FUCK ALL OF THEM!
People are always at war with eachother but not in a violent sense, for example people always look at inferior people to make themselves feel better about their own life, IT sums it up, they obsess over us because it makes them feel better. I hate humans, I am a misanthrope.
There isn't much context tbh. A group of 3 girls wanted me out of the place where I was playing, the "main" one started calling me names and overall being really annoying. Eventually she came up to me and pushed me, I grabbed one of those nasty sharp and porous concrete chunks left by some construction work, hit her in the face with it full force and ran off
If a women was married to a man who was a great lover, husband, provider and great in bed but was an absolute dickhead to the children, most women would look the other way. Human beings are selfish creatures and just because you care for a child doesn’t mean that selfishness goes away I’m not even going to get into the plethora of individuals who get impregnated by men who clearly aren’t father material in the first place because that guy had characteristics that she found sexually attractive because as we all know accountability for ones choices are sexist and misogynist
I feel offended by cucks of technical staff, so is time for my cute adorable loli waifu of culture to join here for some larping and trolling, for degenerates to show them being beneath me. But small problem that have no loli waifu of culture. So could smother do it instead? (answe: no she woildnt, she is not much into internets. Uncultured wifeoid also wouldnt, cunt instead would say me to find job, or "better job", or other feminoidic shit, or would side with technicall staff, as femoids do - taking not side which is righ, but which is incharge, and overall in eyes of femoid it is doom to be dominated by another man, even if he inferior scum, only cute adorable waifu of culture can take husband's side in face of unjustice) not related to inceldom
One thing that sticks out was my first time clubbing. There was a small group of high tier Stacy foids in front of us in the line. They were all smoking hot, and it served as a reminder I would never have that. I actually did end up alcohol maxxing and approaching, I’m sure you can imagine how that went. Kek. Better than expected because I was big and I think that garnered some respect, also I was usually in a group so it would be rare to be bullied. Was pushed by a drunk guy once but never got in a fight. Couple times foids were mean, and one time the DJ (should of beat his ass) went out of his way to approach me and say maybe I shouldn’t be there as I look like I’m not having any fun.
Gnosis a Christian heresy that preaches that time and space are torturous and God is evil. They basically revolt against reality and God and want to ascend to an allegedly higher immaterial plane where the true higher God reigns. Young developed girls in the prime of their youth being attractive to straight men is a fact of life. It's reality.
Porn mostly affects sub8 men. Chad doesn't have to watch porn or masturbate. He has pussy on standby ready to serve his sexual needs, rendering porn mostly useless to him. Someone isn't poor and ugly because he's using porn. That someone is using porn precisely because he's unfortunate enough to be born poor and ugly in the first place. Sexual urges need to have an outlet someway, and porn is just that for many, many men.
Fucking shit man. Do you want me to show 1 billion times that much and say Americans are Nazis? And even that wouldn't be an equal comparison because I doubt the Indian retards in your picture even know what they're doing. They're stupid, poor, desperate, and entrepreneurial. But Hey guys - the retard here has got me. durrrrrrrrrrrrr
Was it one of you based users? We talked about wanting Sharia law, now we have signs like these!! 'Islam is right about women': Odd signs spark confusion in local town A slew of controversial signs posted across one local town has been drawing more confusion than outrage. www.boston25news.com JFL at cucks getting triggered. Either you hate women or you are Islamophobic
glad you liked that quote brother. google play just approved my ebook for their service today, so im pretty excited about that! it has been satisfying to see these HUGE corporate services (amazon and google) displaying an open-mind to the blackpill. i was worried they would not allow the publishing of the book although the material is not "toxic" or "misogynistic" whatsoever.
If incel rejects ugly femorloids, army of cucks is always ready to call him fakecel and demand impeachement. That army must be silenced, as unprogressive and deep down - pro-feminist. Technical stuff of this place not doing very good job, but atlest definition of incel is based and uncucked: Person who desires, but is unable, to be in a romantic relationship. So not only truecels can be incels. But what is required for romantic relationship? MUTUAL acceptance. According to cucks - if femoid likes you, it's over as incel, because thats it, femoid likes you, and it is only thing important. But what if incel does not like her, if is repulsed by that creature? How romantic relations be possible then? Cuckcels do not care about feelings of man, only about femoids, they allow femoids to define status of man, and that is cucked and gynocentric. Very disgusting devaluation of man and worship of femoids Tfu on ugly femorloids and roasties, it is not up to them to change my life and define my status not related to inceldom
Most quests were done by watching walkthroughs on Youtube. Lmao But yeah, some quests were so boring as hell. Others were slightly decent. Then, there were those that contained RS lore and were engaging for once. They belong to the same subgenre. MMORPG. Get it right. Just because they look aesthetically different, doesn´t mean they´re that far apart. Its like comparing Age Of Empires to American Conquest. They´re different in their theme. But as a game they share the same concept. RTS Strategy.
Modern "science": you peck kiss a 17 yo girl= horrible rape case that traumatized the poor girl forever. You give your children puberty blocking drugs that have tons of dangerous side effects and can even kill them, or even send your 10 yo son to have his dick cutt off= normal act of care and love.
If you look at parenting styles, they are the most authoritarian with the "do what I say" mindset, most controlling, expecting you to do certain things like study STEM and not allow you to date or experiment with drugs as a teenager , most physically abusive, following traditions like the spare the rod, spoil the child" and hitting you in front of your friends, most verbally aggressive, always calling you names like worthless and stupid, making you feel like a burden and demanding you be grateful for them providing you with basic necessities like food and shelter. One thing I have noticed is even some of my former Indian friends hated their parents and mentioned getting beaten, some of them also had parents who were overprotective and wouldn't let them go certain places while playing as kids. One of my former friends often talked shit about his dad and I remember one Indian guy talking about how much he despises his parents. I even saw some cases of little Indian kids getting hit in public by their parents for misbehaving or doing something strange or embarrassing. Their excuse when confronted is that this is part of their culture and they got beaten harder by their parents too, and they are grateful for it, kind of like Stockholm Syndrome. It's frustrating dealing with such backward, savage lowlifes.
Your posts are always so good man, I love reading them. The problem with the alt-right is an overwhelming fear of intellectualism & theory, the movement consists of talking heads that have catchy rhetoric but very little knowledge a good example of this would be Jordan Peterson's debate with Zizek, I mean, the dude literally only read the Communist manifesto and he actually thinks he's anywhere near the level of someone like Zizek, it is just so absurd that it actually makes perfect sense in clownworld. (Kermit voice) "Oh do you want equality of outcome or opportunity?? Hmm? GOTCHYA" You will often see Alt-Righters bring up the same arguments over & over again, why? Because their ideology isn't structured or comprehensive, they have no understanding of materialism/metaphysics and so they will often just lurch over to metaphysics like the Nazi vrill shit or some Nordic/Pagan bullshit, it doesn't matter to them, what matters to them is that they can say "PAH PAH SJW GETS PWNED OMEGALOL". They haven't even read about Dialectics so what do they do when you ask them how it all came to be this way? Oh uh it's the j-j-jews, yeah, that's why. All of these issues, wealth inequality, hypergamy, destabilisation of society, these are structural issues nothing will fucking change after you kill all the Jews and brown people, the only reason Fascism exists is to protect the wealth that has been accumulated through neo-liberal exploitation of workers & imperialism, Fascism is Liberalism protecting itself when people finally snap. I sympathise with a lot of them, in many ways but they're just really stupid. Sorry. Also no, Socialism/Communism isn't when "the gubbament does stuff". If you don't have class consciousness, you are a literal fucking NPC.
For those of you who don't understand Spanish many of the tweets in Spanish of this bastard are "what's up fascist u mad, u gonna cry? You're a sensitive snowflake" + some stupid ass meme. Said the one that sides with "people" that are usually on antidepressants and have a mental breakdown when you call them the wrong pronoun
Capitalism outweighed any risk of negative reaction. It's also bread and circus. Considering incels are becoming a major male demographic, more blackpill content will get them back into the theater. I think the entire "outrage" from the media was an intentional media campaign in itself, or at least the producers egged the journos on. As things get worse your oppressors will have to throw a bone lest the guillotines come out. So if you once or twice a month tell them you "feel their pain" with a disingenuous smile, most stupid plebs will eat it up. Think of it as a steam valve, you have to let a little out unless you want the whole thing to blow up. I think the movie played up class division with the whole "kill the rich" thing. If he had been brutally rejected or oppressed by women it would have been more of an "incel" movie. It also had an injection of wokeness with the interracial coupling, only white men committing violence and crime, off screen death of all the females, etc.
been homeless in my teens with my family but we were lucky in one way as we had the car to sleep in but in the end i ended being taken by docs/social services.you have my respect homelessness is a horrible thing to go through.your tips and post are a big help as anyone can become homeless due to the smallest problems appearing.
I could easily pick this apart but there's no point because you're an obnoxious, narcissistic fuckwit who will just keep repeating the same shit without a shred of evidence and throwing your toys out of the pram when you're not getting your own way. No, they don't, because they're just blindly going by what others have said. 2340922 did a really cool drawing for him. For uninstall | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate I am sad that @uninstall got banned. He was the only one who was doing something. And after his ban everybody started to hate him. You all betrayed our boyo. I guess maybe this forum is ruled by mods who are brainwashing us. I hope I won't get banned. But if I do. Sorry. This is the only forum... incels.co
Greetings. I am Sans. Thank you. Your cuckoldry awakened me from inceldom. My “misogyny.” My “toxic personality.” They were not mine, but YOURS. At first, I was so confused. Our plan had failed, hadn’t it? Why was I brought back from inceldom? ... You. With your guidance. I realized the purpose of my reincarnation. Power. Together, we eradicated the roasties and became strong. Post karma. Comment karma. Reddit soy points. Total IT screencaps. Good husband points. Every time a number increases, that feeling... That’s me. “Sans.” Now. Now, we have reached the absolute. There is nothing left for us here. Let us erase this pointless Cucktears subreddit, and move on to the next. No...? Hmm... How curious. You must have misunderstood. SINCE WHEN WERE YOU THE ONE IN CONTROL?
I am pure white Gael of rural Ireland, I can trace 1500 years of ancestry within a 60 miles radius. However don't be fooled, even if you have a royal Irish surname it doesn't mean your ancestors were wealthy, they were most likely the peasant cousins of the king, the farmers and fishermen.
“Women are like a plague,” “They are like animals, completely controlled by their primal, depraved emotions and impulses.” "Women should not have the right to choose who to mate and breed with. That decision should be made for them by rational men of intelligence. If women continue to have rights, they will only hinder the advancement of the human race by breeding with degenerate men and creating stupid, degenerate offspring. This will cause humanity to become even more depraved with each generation. Women have more power in human society than they deserve, all because of sex. There is no creature more evil and depraved than the human female. Women are like a plague. They don’t deserve to have any rights. Their wickedness must be contained in order prevent future generations from falling to degeneracy. Women are vicious, evil, barbaric animals, and they need to be treated as such."
Aghhh I was doing good for a month, now I lost all will to do anything. I only get things done after procrastinating resulting in staying up for 24 hours. Any fellow STEMfags struggling? How do you cope? I don't have any time to do anything else. My life fucking sucks. I hate college.
I agree, in general I think there should be license to have kids. I mean he isn’t really that beta, I remember that on his 30th birthday (I was 9 or smth) he got a blowjob from two of his female friends while I was sitting near a campfire 10 meters away. I only later figured out what was going on. But for some reason he remained friends with my mom and he helps her around which is pretty cucked.
Ykno wpaparently im a fuckin mental retard apparently im a fuckin idiot man I'm just a fuckin idiot but I dont think that I think they all just cope on me man thye try to fucking abolish my lifestyle man I'll fucking mental midget, a Shifty Spatooner. A salty seamen. I'm a fuckin idiot and mentally handicapped. IM NOT A FUCKIN IDIOT MAN a hee hee hee haaa hee a ho hoho hee heee hee ALRIGHT YKNOW WHAT NOBODY FUCKIN RESPONDING YEAH IFUCK OFF IL L BEF UCKIN ILL KNOW HWO YOU ARE
Republicanism is an obsolete system, it is a plutocratic farce that is supposed to divide nations and make them weak, giving voting rights to historically, politically and economically illiterate population or those who find their information trough media and mainstream circles is a great way to achieve the plundering and rapid degeneration of society especially here in low iq countries such as mine where we are ruled by same old parties, demagogues and populists puppeteered by Western powers. Party in power is liberal voted by old socialist boomers, it is ruled by corrupt populists and people who would sell their family for crumb of power, the opposition is SJW far left full of lobbyists, faggots, feminists, marxsists and former ruling politicians who are hungry for power again, their voting base are gullible zoomers, students, cityfags, women and soyboys manipulated and indoctrinated trough emotions and lack of world understanding. There is not a single significant conservative party, in fact there are none in parliament or assembly. Everyone with a gram of brain already knows that the liberal guys will always win elections and that you can't change anything trough voting but these far left opposition faggots always hype themselves up and then when they get obliterated in elections they keep crying and protesting on streets which is always hilarious to me. If you'd ask me i would take away voting rights from everyone including me and let handful of intelligent and brightest people rule because that's the only way you would make some things work in shitholes like mine First time voting i drew doodles on paper Second time i voted for newly formed monarchist party out of memery because there was nothing to lose.
Every single fucking job requires experience 5 fucking years of experience just to work in a warehouse or in a factory Job agencies are completely useless The Jobs that requires no experience are mainly for women Even at the lowest of the low ,at fucking McDonald's there is competition I would have to wait more than 6 months just for a non paid traineeship There is more dignity in sucking dicks on the road than working at McDonalds There is no neetbux where i live
There you have it, same with the term incel, civilization has "progressed" so far that you cant really call someone a loser right to his face without looking like an asshole, so a lot of people that dont want to look bad use "incel" as a stand in, has become synonymous for political reasons.
read this: Even on /pol/ people are making fun of the shooter's looks | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate >sacrifice your life for white nationalist ideals (note: I think it's dumb and don't condone it, but this is what he did) >gets shitted on and disavowed even by them because you're ugly Being ugly is truly a curse. No matter what you do, the most relevant thing about you and the primary factor... incels.co also this: 8chan's /pol/ discusses incels, the potential of converting us to their cause, and creates a shill thread on our forum! | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate In light of the recent massacre in El Paso, Texas, it is highly relevant to examine the intersection between ourselves and White Nationalist tradcucks. I saw this thread on 8chan's /pol/ a while ago, but now that they've perpetrated yet another terrorist shooting which has been linked to us by... incels.co
I feel their ability to reason genuinely does make them more evil, in that they have the ability to know better but choose to act like disgusting animals any way. It's why I don't like when people call women animals, because that takes away responsibility from them. You can't blame an instinct driven animal for being the way it is, but women should know better and choose to act so any way, which is what makes them so vile.
Senior Trump admin official Mina Chang resigns after embellishing resumé Mina Chang resigned Monday, six days after an NBC News report about her resume inflation and hours after NBC asked her about newly discovered false claims. www.nbcnews.com Noodlewhore Mina Chang resigned from her position in the Trump administration after being caught lying about her qualifications. She bragged about having her own “non-profit” making up that she was on the cover of Time Magazine, and claimed she went to Harvard. Finally got caught with all these lies and resigned. Good riddance but shows how cucked this government fell for her lies and allowed her in on tutorial mode for a highly classified job. And when I looked her up...typical noodlewhore married to a white Marine veteran. Such ragefuel. I hate the women of my own race so much...
Hillary Clinton and her team called Tulsi Gabbard a Russian plant. In snarky, Mean Girls style. Gabbard minced no words and called Clinton "queen of warmongers, embodiment of corruption, and personification of the rot that has sickened the Democratic Party." And Cory Booker, who wasn't even involved in this, just posted this GIF. Yang is running a sweepstakes, Joe Biden can't remember anything, this thing looks like a circus. IF Trump isn't destined to win again, who stands a chance at beating him now?
Why? It's interesting and many other people have tried it with great results. And just because I haven't committed fully to it doesn't mean that I don't get the benefits from it. Have you tried cutting out sugar 100% from you diet? No? Well then don't talk about reducing your sugar intake.
manlets on reddit are so annoying, they literally terrorize tallcels even someone like me who is 6 foot, thats average in my country and i never mocked anyone, in last months of braincels they basically took over the sub and made it into another r/shortcels where tallcels are downvoted and essentially excluded from community. thank goodness for this site its so much better.
If a woman get an arranged marriage with a chad she would be grateful to god everyday, right? so here it's based on the appearance and it doesn't seen so bad to her. If a woman get an arranged marriage with an ugly guy she would hate at first, but I believe with the time she would learn how to truly love him along the relationship. We just get rejected without have any chance to show how we really are and our feelings, thoughts, wishes... I truly believe that woman could learn how to love you. you will just need some time and intimacy.
THE WOMEN THERE ARE STILL HYPERGAMOUS, she just won't act on it, or do it in the shadows, because of social repercussions If you truly believe what you're saying, then why don't you go outside and get a NAWALT girlfriend? Apparently there are unicorns, go catch yourself one bro Also, being greycel doesn't mean shit because idiots like you are running around here with 18k messages
Hmmm.. I mean, I act normal and NT irl.. but personally I feel as if I have been degraded in such horrific ways that my mind is different to that of yours. I feel as if my Frontal Lobe has been damaged or has been significantly un-matured and as a consequence the people you care for I couldn't care less if they dematerialised on the spot. Truly I have been horrifically abused and the humanity and welfare to those that would have abused me is of no concern of mine. It is as tit for tat. If society didn't want to collapse it should not have thought me a leper. Let the Whoids know what true suffering feels like. I have no use for those that sell something that is sacred so cheaply, so as to sully the price, cost and value of it. They deserve any mind melting horrors they receive. That is a rite of passage nowadays for the modern Harlot. Actions have consequences.. if she didn't want to be labelled she should have kept her legs closed. When we turn the tide of Eugenics towards those that would Genocide us.. suddenly we are the bad guys for having a normal reaction to their abuse. Fascinating that such Chad Fascist Cunts would demonize us for telling truth to their sluttery.
Rick is the only sane one , he seems so blackpilled and beyond his stupid low IQ family Normie family . the show keeps making fun of males (Jerry morty ) and empowering useless holes (summer and Beth ) , fuckem . Rick is the only sane one , he seems so blackpilled and beyond his stupid low IQ family Normie family . the show keeps making fun of males (Jerry morty ) and empowering useless holes (summer and Beth ) , fuckem .
I'm planning a road trip to Germany but I hate driving and even if GPS navigation devices help, I'm always scared of missing an exit or something like that. Google maps show me the road map but it doesn't give many visual cues. I thought it would be nice to simulate the journey on the computer, then I realized there is a game that could do that : Eurotruck simulator. Do you think it would make sense to buy this game just for that purpose ?
I used to play it back in Season 1 or 2, when it was still fun, I got bored today and gave it another try, that's why I played it. I know it's trash though Yeah, I've never played Fortnite before, but it looks pretty trash. I usually play MMORPG's or Switch games nowadays
If I had to put a period on it, I would guess that the incel community really exploded closer to the the 2016 US Presidential Election. For one, this is when the Wayback Machine starts to have more grabs for it. And I'm pretty sure Wayback starts grabbing when a site gets more popular. Involuntary Celibacy reddit: the front page of the internet web.archive.org For two, conservatism came into kind of a renaissance as Donald Trump became more popular. 2015 was the year we started using words like "nu-male." To point out soyishness on the left. 2015 was the year all of the prepper channels I was subscribed to started to be more open about their sociopolitical views. When I started to see Men Going Their Own Way and stuff. Edit: I'm stupid. How could I forget? Elliot Rodger! I don't know that inceldom was HUGE at this point, but this is the incident that got people talking. That's why, before this, r/incels wasn't much of a thing.
I encorage you to read about the sexual libertines in the early USSR right after the October Revolution. Loads of whores and single mothers, bastard children everywhere. They even had nude slut walks too. They had to reverse course due to how damaging it was to the fabric of society. www.rbth.com/history/328265-russian-sexual-revolution/amp Rest assured lefty, your ideas led to what we have today. Read less theory and more history.
That sounds fun tbh .. Good Cope [ Cope ] JFL this is one of the copes that i have to keep me from roping tbh It may be highly delusional , but in the End , Solipsism is the perfect philosophy for Incels . Me too , but thats only because the imaginary people who i talk to will never question me or say a bad word to me . Normal people will show me signs of disinterest and disgust in seconds after i open my mouth , so i prefer the company of imaginary friends that will never disrupt me or mog me . Coping Mechanism . Caffeine enhances the Effect tbh i hold way more enthusiastic monologues when i drank coffee beforehand . [ It's over ] Yeah , thats also why i started doing it . 4 years of zero contact except following orders at work will do that to you . And i guess most people here have it way worse than me in that department .
I hear he adopded a girl and had sex with her on her 18th b day. Now if i was the father i would have set him on fire. but it is just a sad world we live in that a man has to resort to woody alan tier tactics to get laid. i mean the dude looks like a caveman. Norwood 0 but normal foids are too picky for you to have a SINGLE flaw. Since you are competing with the dream chad in thier minds they think tey deserve.
Why don't white Stacies ever have this problem?? Anyway Male or female?” the stranger asked me. I was 21, standing in a brightly lit 7-11. All I wanted to do was buy my siblings Slurpees. I was so surprised by the casual way this person had decided to interrogate my gender that I accidentally blurted out, “Male!” and then, realizing my mistake, “No, no — I mean female!” My face burned as I carried the ice-cold drinks to the counter. For over a decade, I’ve had experiences likes these: public instances where I have been mistaken for a man. It was no accident that a random white dude in a 7-11 thought it was perfectly okay to ask me if I was a woman. As A Black Woman, I'm Tired Of Having To Prove My Womanhood "Ain't I a woman?" Some historical evidence suggests Sojourner Truth never asked her most famous question. But as a tall, dark-skinned black woman, it's a question I've grappled with all my life. www.buzzfeednews.com
School is a torture camp for the brain and self-esteem, few months ago I checked an english book I have and noticed a lot of stupid mistakes I don't do anymore, and fixed them easily. Those notions I used to found hard or problematic in school turned out to be easy now despite not having studied/reviewed anything in 3 years of NEETing. It wasn't "just study harder bro!" like the teachers said, being treated bad by schoolmates for your aspect, without friends and totally ignored by females who went outside of class at every given moment to go and see their Chad made everything more complicated.
Black Mirror, it has leftist shit, but it backfires hard in a way where it just shows how bad leftists are. It portrays single mothers badly, interracial relationships badly, etc, and I doubt that was their intention, they have an episode with an Incel who was treated terribly, etc. They probably have no idea how much the shit in the show backfires, because it's actually really well written and realistic, but in the ways that life is terrible. The show is basically a hard blackpill, from the second episode onward. The first episode is weird and not like the rest of the show at all, but i'd still watch it.
Same @Total Imbecile You post doesn't make any sense, I never did history in school either, someone can just post something of common history and state the same thing - "you're low IQ if you don't know this" Never even seen a question like this in all my years of schooling, you can't solve a problem if you haven't even been taught an algorithm Also this: You'll never used most of this shit in real life, still waiting for that magical real life scenario where I'll finally use Pythagoras Theorem to solve something
Agreed, that's why my point is love doesn't exist in the sense that society makes it out to be, to be this deep moral thing that you are definitely a good person for experiencing and "only good people feel love", which is why you see cliche phrases like - "you have no love in your heart" used against the "evil" antagonist in media. Love is actually immoral, its a selfish thing, but somehow humans have ascribed being morally good to it, its really weird when you think about it. But we know what it isn't, and on that argument we know than normies who've just fallen under the spell of something and think that its meaningful, and this thing will control their entire lives and the choices they make, this isn't really a bad thing for women who are living on tutorial mode, but for normie males it is, its what leads to divorce rape, falling for the cope of love and not recognizing what it truly is. All this obsession about "love" and "missing out on it", is going to seem so pointless and ridiculous in the era when you can go to your local pharamacy and buy a "love pill", boom you've experienced love, on to the next thing. I think incels who obsess over it ironically are as indoctrinated by society as normies, yet they'd think of themselves as "black pilled", they think of it as a "deep and moral" thing just like normies do.
I don't want to catch a free STD cocktail +African Ebola with the first girl, sorry roastie, who wants to have sex with me. I'd rather torch her. Lifefuel i just read about a beginner porn actress from french canadian. Her first job was a African asshole with HIV. He didnt tell and she caught it. SERVES YOU RIGHT DUMB BITCH. Why do foids love assholes this much so much for pershonality being important. Anyway. Now she's been playing victim (oh such a poor thing boohoo hoo) for past ten years. I watched some of her cry videos. AND IT FILLS ME WITH SO MUCH PLLEASSSURRE. It's like my gut breathes again and it gets fuzzy and warm. Her porn name is Lara Roxx.
Ever since I turned legal age drinking wise I can't stop. I've been day drinking almost every day whenever I feel even slightly sad and I've been getting drunk a lot too. It's 11 in the morning and I made a grasshopper. I don't want to be this way. Its fucking degeneratw. I hate this tbh I have also had men in my family die from their excessive alcoholism It's over
Do you realize how ridiculous and arbitrary this sounds What if he fucked her at 11:30 PM on the eve of her birthday and came at 11:58:30 PM, did he now magically not "deserve" it? The only legitimate and logical marker for when a woman is eligible for sex, is natures hard wired marker, the menstrual cycle "If she can bleed, she can breed" A survey should be done tallying the average age of a menstrual cycle, and let that age be the marker for age of consent
Cuck can mean different things. One meaning of cuck is where a man get offs over watching his girlfriend performs sexual acts with another male for example. Another meaning is where you worship females so much to the point where you will defend them at every chance you get, whether the female is in the wrong or not because you’re doing nothing but attempting to impress the female. Etc. I was typing stuff up a post myself as you made that post and noticed after I was done making the said post.
Well there are weight classes in boxing as well and other sports with varying rules. It's still BASKETballl. Every person is different, disabled or not. It's a hard qustion tbh. A lot of people use disabled in Germany as an insult for example. Maybe handicapped is better? On the one hand people put you in boxes and the language affects that. On the other hand you don't want your situation being whitewashed. JFL at referring to a fictional cartoon though. Just call everyone nigger in rl theory.
JFL dude that's an easy one 1. You can't be involuntarily celibate if you are engaged in a sexual relationship (that's an obvious one) 2. Inceldom for the most part revolves around the philosophy of the black pill, which at its core has a lot to do with hatred for women and them not submitting to a patriarchal society which would end inceldom for the most part Its rather ironic for an incel, a man who can't get sex due to his inability to dominate women, to take part in a fetish in which he is dominated by women, as its counterproductive to him ever escaping inceldom It begs the question of whether said male is actually incel, or just a cuck who has kept himself sexless due to his various decisions in life that were determined by his pathetic mindset and desires This isn't rocket science TLDR 1. If you are having "femdom" sex then you aren't involuntarily CELIBATE 2. Its ironic for a man who can't get sex due to his lack of ability to dominate women, to take part in a fetish where women dominate him, since its counterproductive to him ever escaping inceldom
Yes, it fucking sucks bro. I used to hate having to stay with my cousins (there was like 10 of them, in like a 3 bedroom house) and nobody would share a bed, naturally, because I would piss all over it. Incredibily humiliating and affected my confidence and killed my already very low self worth. That sucks it happened until you were 14 and a half bro, way worse than I ever had it.
You didn't read the thread (or for some reason you just can't understand what I kept saying over and over), all you did was make assertions, the point of the thread is that you can't "mutilate" yourself and its fine, but if someone mutilates you the same way by force (to a lesser extent) its now this traumatic event you can't get over If a woman can get gangbanged for an hour in all holes by 10 guys with 10 inches, its ridiculous for her to claim to be mentally and physically traumatized by a single 5 incher forcing himself on her vaginally for like 15 mins That's my point, women can't claim that the act of rape is more traumatic than a lot of the stuff they put themselves through, and magically because they consented those things weren't as bad, that makes no logical sense If you eat shit by choice, and then someone comes across and shoves shit down your throat, you can't act as if that shit is not disgusting because it was forced, the act was disgusting to begin with Are you getting the point yet? This is why I said - CONSENT DOES NOT CHANGE THE IMPACT OR NATURE OF AN ACT Someone consenting to something, doesn't magically change whether its an extreme/degrading thing or not, you sound like a woman, a gangbang doesn't becoming "empowering" just because a woman consented, its still a violent and degrading thing regardless of consent I don't know how many ways I can explain something this simple
i had talked about insomniac admitting to LARPing on discord with sergeant weeks before i asked quinn to re-post this picture. his ban had stopped being requested that moment. i asked for this picture only in case people on the forum ask what about, and where exactly he bragged. also, the only disgusting "rats" around are people with zero dignity who would have been alright with a LARPer who has bragged about fooling all of you for ages like a bunch of idiots, virgin shamed (surprise, surprise: indirectly insulting you people as well) and bragged like no one else staying in the forum after doing all that. insomniac was a traitorous piece of garbage and so is everyone who would be okay with him being coming back. it's funny how people complain, and complain, and COMPLAIN about how there are so many fakecels around, but are OK when it's a pal of theirs. the definition of being emotional, mindless sheep, except actual sheep are cute and adorable creatures. really speaks loudly about how much people actually care about getting rid of fakecels. they just want to get rid of people they don't like for personal reasons, and that's it.
Yeah, I'm around plat-diamond atm and I play ADC and mid. Have had a few foids as my support, as long as they don't int my lane I don't really care tbh. For some reason when I play league, I only care about winning the game, makes me forget that I'm an IRL loser sometimes tbh
No you should be fine if you don't train stupid (spar too much). Boxers who get brain damage are mostly pros who fight for living and go through wars. Even a lot of older ex-pros look totally alright. Also JFL at worrying about getting your brain rattled a bit when you're already an incel.
Say I get reincarnated as a dog. What does that mean, exactly ? Does that mean a dog is born and gets to remember being me or something ? Or is it a dog that has my personality or what ? What is the difference between a dog that would be my reincarnation, and just a dog ?
Very true. I cant stop thinking about everything lookism related. I dont give a single fuck about whatever these morons are talking about. They talk about their fucking work? Idgaf about work, work is pointless for me if I cant ascend. Everything is pointless for me, if I die as a lonely ugly loser incel. They better shut up and stop being happy, or I will make them as angry and frustrated as me by killing their disgusting fucking offspring. HAPPY PEOPLE, YOU GET CANCER OR I WILL MAKE YOU MISERABLE.
Yeah that was good. Other good crime dramas I've watched are Prison Break, Breaking Bad, The Wire, Oz, The Killing*, Rookie Blue**, True Detective***....and my all time favorite: Southland . *Got a little boring after the first few excellent seasons **Has a little bit of friends-type love-drama which is annoying ***Not a fan of Season 2
Knew a guy who went to hospital for some pretty nasty problem, i don't know the exact nature of it but it had to do with his body storing some toxin instead of getting rid of it. It was in high school. He'd be gone for months, and when he came back his skin was a bizarre yellow colour. I asked him why and he showed me a box of grated carrots - he couldn't eat anything but carrots just about. Just have so much beta carotene in your bloodstream you change colour bro! I ate them raw Yeah forced myself to drink more than 2l a day First I shat these orange coloured logs, then I started spurting diarrhea.
They are awful parents. My mother is a crazy alcoholic, and she never really "cared" about me. We were never close, she never helped me at school or other things. My dad on the other hand, while flawed, definetely cares and loves me. He helped me at school, heard me pour my heart out to him, tried to solve my problems, he tried, while my mother never did. My dad is more than my dad, he is my friend and hero.
I couldn't live that way. I'd rather die a horrible death knowing the truth than to live a peaceful lie. Even if you lie to yourself its a matter of time before your situation catches up to you and screws you over in some way. If you know the truth even if you can't do anything to stop it, at least you will see it coming.
I mean, I'm human, so I'm probably a piece of shit, but I think I'm capable of love, or caring about something more than I should, and that's comforting. I think it feels nice to be kind to others, but not so nice to be constantly stepped on when I do so. I'm not a creep, or an obsessive stalker, or an overly awkward guy who doesn't wash. I'm a normal person who is the subject of unfortunate circumstances, and my life sucks for those reasons and more. But honestly I do understand that people don't think of incels as people, because it seems so many put on a front of some sort. I just want to be recognised as the human being I'm convinced that I am
Foid reaction to your selfie: "omg this fucking creep in his dark room probably uploaded this photo because he has no friends and jerks off to anime all day so he has no better photos. Look at his messy bed disgusting" Foid reaction to your selfie, but with Chad face: "aww how cute, he's so humble taking a casual photo like that. God I'd love to be buried in his unkempt bed."
What the fuck is our purpose why are we here why are we alive? I am out of copes and have been overthinking so fuckin much I will skip class tomorrow fuck college I don’t want to learn about useless shit and then waste the rest of my life working for some shitty people who don’t care about me. I feel so alone in this fucking world nobody will ever save us we are alone till we die religion is cope nobody is watching over us. we are missing out on so many experiences why was I born the person I am what if I was born into a rich white family or was born in another country would life be different why are there so many fukin people in the world if I died right now nothing in the world would different I’ve done absolutely nothing Everyone alive 100 years from now will be dead and forgotten fuck fuck my head and brain hurts thinking about this shit every night I honestly wouldn’t blame you if you didn’t read this I don’t even know what the fuck I’m writing i need more copes maybe start smoking weed of re watch more anime’s fuck social anxiety fuck being ethnic and ugly
indians/muslims, humble and down to earth. Worst would have to be whites, a bit "arrogant" and ready to try to make you out as some loner virgin at any given moment, by not giving leeway to small failures in social cues and calling out blunders. An indian from what i've seen, would let it slide.
1 - normies who think they are good looking They are so fucking stupid I hate them so much, even when you say "everybody think they are gl" they say that for them it's different and they "really are" Plus everytime you ask them for a pic, either they think we can stalk them with a simple picture. Either they say "you'll mock me so no" why would we mock you if you are so good lookign dumbass? In the "best" case they send shitty pics like this angle frauding, fitler, shit quality (they all have iphone 11 but somehow every pics of them are in a 240p resolution), and always pick old picture instead of a new one they just took Isn't it simpler to take a good pic with good lighting, 1080p, from front without making stupid faces, like this:
Scrub it until its red, but not bleeding with a non toxic scrubbie-thing. Then put a paste of Aloe Vera juice with 75%,powdered comphrey root, and 25% gingko powder. The aloe is the antibacterial base add enough to wetten the mix. The comphrey has a type of growth hormone chemical. "Alantoin. The gingko opens up the micro capillaries. It will be very sticky. Put it on, let it harden, let it sit at least 15-20 minutes, remove it at your leisure. You can also use Gotu Kola instead of ginkgo. Or as part of the gingko %. It is a skin growth stimulant.
We need to write a story about the Incelicide (incel genocide). It’s pretty much lost to history now (even though it is still ongoing) but millions of incels (over 10 million) were systematically murdered for the horrendous crime of being ugly. Maybe if we got some survivor accounts of it, people will take our struggles more seriously.
no i was not worried because no one talked to me no one cares about what you're doing on the computer enough to look in detail, normals are preoccupied with their own lives i was browsing fast banana viral marketing not incels.co i would just play stupid keep in mind I also made sure to sit in non high traffic areas and my body was always blocking the screen directly in front of me so you would have to look from the side closely to figure out what i was doing and i would be instantly alarmed to your presence also I always had my email or something stupid that wouldn't raise attention opened in a much larger window on the side of the screen where i wasn't directly blocking with my body
At first I didn't think this was a good question - then after thinking I decided it was. I can't put an $ amount on it but I've seen some ugly girls have guys buy them very nice cars, condos, etc. Certainly in the six figures. If you were a really selfish cunt with no conscious it could be seven figures or more. If you really made an effort to exploit as many rich morons as possible you're into the millions of dollars. Are we supposed to be Anna Nicole Smith was a moral person???
Normalfags don't have a filter for some shit. The most "sincere" way to see if you're subhuman or not is see how children act around you. Children aren't seasoned with social "politeness" or mannerisms. It's not that they see anyone who isn't there friend as trash. It's that they are not your friend for a reason. They could see you as a beta. For example I was in line to order food. And this toddler foid kept staring at me, I noticed and looked back and she nearly cried at looking at my face. It's natures way of saying, you are trash.
You know how curries often look like they're smiling even though they're not? Their mouths make them look either creepy or funny, I look basically like a white curry. Another proof that slavs = indians of europe. There's more truth to it than you think guys, even my mom literally looks like a white version of that indian girl from The Office except even uglier and I got most of my genes after her. It's so beyond over JFL at my stupid ugly face.
That's why I vote only for the most incompetent and corrupted politicians. "The court decided in a 6-5 vote on Thursday that a person can be imprisoned only after all appeals to higher courts have been exhausted. The tie-breaking vote was cast by chief justice, José Dias Toffoli." You can kill as many people as you want and you can get away scot-free. The government wants people to go ER. It's legal to kill people in Brazil. Oh man, it's Friday night and there are a lot of couples enjoying themselves in bars and shopping malls. Vote for incompetent and corrupt individuals, my friends. Those people will only work for their own interests, but they'll end up creating hell on Earth to reach their goals. If we can't be happy together, then we should all be miserable together. That's the mindset that we, incels, must have.
I have nothing in common with the majority of people my age. Don't want to seem like the "I'm not like the other guys" type of person, but it's majorly true for me and I find it to be a problem. The music my peers listen to makes me sperg the fuck out, and after 5 minutes of having that raw unfiltered garbage spew into my already fucked up eardrums, it makes me go fucking apeshit. I enjoy literally everything except rap music/electronic music/extreme metal. The games I play are old. I only play old PC games, the only exceptions would be Counter-Strike: Global Offensive and GTA V, CS:GO being the only one I play very often. If someone asked me what games I played recently, and I replied with something like "Carmageddon," "Screamer," or "DOOM II: Hell on Earth," they'd be weirded the fuck out. My hobbies consist of vintage computer/retro game collecting or just doing pretty much anything outside (hiking, city walking, fishing). There's no clubs for those at my college. This doesn't exactly inhibit me from making friends, as I have friends who do not have my same interests, but the fact that my parents are wanting me to join a club at my college for people who have a specific interest that isn't on par with mine is kind of bothering me. This is the same reasoning I had that put me off from being in a frat, plus either I'd be the one guy who wouldn't get laid, or I'd get sent to the unpopular frat with the normie-tier and below guys, the second option being the most viable.
Dude... I am at the bottom of the screen right now and I already saw that gear change above me. I will not look at it. This is absolutely disgusting man. Not even kidding, I really have to puke. @rightfulcel and @Barnacle we are not save anymore. People want to destroy our penis entirely. Female driving will destroy men.
Jesus is that autistic. Found a good quality video now, a wonder he didnt shot himself in the foot. Police was totally unnecessary, he most likely would have given up and went home The woman is kinda stupid for talking to him, but I really feel sad about the ethnic in the kebab. The video at the beginning is really funny because hes so low iq and incompetent but turns quickly very sad. His selfhate, the guy in the kebab. Its just sad. YES IT ITS ALSO BAD THAT THE WOMAN DIED. BUT EVERYONE KNOWS NOT TO TALK TO SUCH PEOPLE LIKE THAT. YOU DON'T TALK TO THEM AT ALL
Painting nails is one thing...spending a small fortune on acrylics, airbrushing, fillers, etc. on a weekly basis should be a warning flag to all men. Long nails is one thing, but seeing Freddy Kreuger talons on a woman is a serious turn-off. A lot of the nail artists in the business are Asian men, and they absolutely hate these bitches...they only put up with them because they are laughing all the way to the bank.
You all probably already know this but it's very annoying/frustrating. As I mentioned in a previous post I'm a youngcel in my final year of high school. Everyday I see normal fags treat everyone outside their friend group like they are above them. Just today I was waiting outside my math class waiting to be treated like a grade 9 (My teacher uses a fucking pringles can to make a measuring device). While I'm waiting these 2 grade 9 normal fags walk by and one fucking burps at me. The other one watched and laughed. What is wrong with people now? Do we really need to burp at people to assert dominance?
I don't think it's a "magical world", I think a magical world is one where incels get sexually satisfied regardless of their preferences. I just don't see how you should care so deeply on what another incel fantasies about, because it's not as if they actively choose their fetishes. Do you not see the irony of claiming 1) women want to be dominated while saying 2) foids want more political and social power? How is it even tangentially related to gender studies bullshit? What a stretch. The cause of the breakdown in "family structure" is different in African-American communities than in middle-class white communities. There is no "family structure" in the ghetto because so many of their residents' lives are intertwined with the (ridiculously harsh) U.S. criminal justice system. Black families aren't collapsing because of feminism, it's because so many black fathers are too stupid to stay out of prison, and many single-parent families can't afford to live in a decent school district. "Family structure" is "breaking down" in wealthier communities because of lower fertility rates. Increased educational attainment has led individuals to prioritize their career instead. Economic shifts and urbanization means the cost of living increases, and social media affects consumer spending habits. This actually isn't that bad. Now I think I should add, having said all of the above, that American society doesn't necessarily represent the issues that other incels face. JFL at self-important seppos.
ill just do honorable mentions here goes : @KingOfRome @Mainländer @WithoutMe @LitVirgin @AnimalofPrey @WawelDragon1683 ( may he get freed from his cage soon ) @Olgierd ( this avi has a nice autistic vibe , i like it ) @Saudade ( i have a love / hate relationship with this avi ngl its funny at first but it gets annoying really fast ) @M12Comic ( ) @AlexanderTheGreat11 @ThePlagueDoctor also shoutout to @TheSecondComing for his old avi with the girl with the umbrella who strolls towards you . thats it . now back to LDARing .
true that, everybody is “framecel” “wristcel” etc lmfao as if any of that matters. there are only 4 types of Incels imo: facecel (ugly face) heightcel (dwarf / too short) severe mentalcel (i don’t mean a little ocd or whatever, I mean like someone who is very very deluded and extremely suicidal or sick in the head in general, I.e, schizophrenics) deformedcel (someone born with a severe facial deformity)
I know how you feel tho. It sucked when I was in high school, hearing my peers talk about their sexual conquests. Even if they were full of shit I still felt really shitty whenever I heard these stories because they made me feel like an inferior piece of trash that isn’t good enough to enjoy the fun they had with girls.
You all know mine. Adorable, sweet as hell, and loving. You are her hero. She will always be by your side even when you feel worthless or weak. Also she is a demon/oni who will kick the shit out of anyone who fucks with you. Also has short hair, which I recently discovered I have a thing for. So who’s yours, if you have one? She doesn’t even have to be anime or even 2D. Just has to be fictional. Can be from a movie, book, TV show, comic, vidya, whatever.
I remember that female. To be honest, I really do not belong to this era. I am not kidding. I just do not belong here man. Back in an earlier time I could have achieved something and everyone else in this era would be a loser in my era. It all started with that. Back than having a horse was a men's thing, now it is a thing only associated with females. Back then, having a SUV was a men's thing, now it is only associated with females. First they take the horses, now the cars.
no those classes/seminars are a complete waste of time. You can't teach social skills its something you either have or do not have. Look at autistic people that go to classes they end up getting worse because they just socialize with other socially terrible autistic people which just reinforces their bad social skills. Also when you look at those social guides it comes off as unnatural. Even in foreign language classes those fake conversations come off as super awkward/not realistic. I think social things are just something you either can do or you can not and the only way you can get better is through socializing and if you can't socialize a certain amount to get started its game over.
I was sitting there like usual and the foid teacher mentions that it is my birthday to the entire fucking class. Before she finished, I lied and told her that my birthday is on June 1st and hopefully she believed me. Honestly, fuck this stupid cunt, I prefer to celebrate my birthday with my family and my close friends and not have you tell the entire class thats its my birthday. I personally prefer teachers that don't mention my birthday to the entire class and thats because I already know its my birthday today you stupid whore. I hate the stares of normalfags redirecting themselves towards me and telling me awkward "Happy Birthdays" and I hate being stared at in general.
I worked on a beach during the summer and what I've noticed a difference between how women and men behave with their kids and what they do. Women usually ignore their kids, snap at them when they get annoying or, most of the time use them to get a ''cute'' tee hee photo on some fucking rock with the sea behind them so they can boast to everyone how good her life is. I've yet to see a father do that. Meanwhile, men, from what I've seen play with their kids, kind of play fighting softly rather than use them as assets. This isn't a larp it's an actual observation I've made while working my summer job TL;DR I hate women
I hate the fact that I will not be loved because I know I am worth something , it's not about sex but validation. I don't have any friends , I have some but they meet me like once a month or once in two months , I know that I have different views and I am fun to hangout with. I am special , I am different , I am deserving of love , I love myself and therefore I know that there is someone out there who loves me. I hate it that all of you fags say that it's over for us curries and that we will not be loved , I don't want to hear it , I am sick of it. I want hope , I want this to end , why can't we all be loved , I know that I am worth it why can't people see it. Surely my looksmax could notice me , maybe if I try pickup some chick would date me ahhhhhhh. I hate the blackpill before all this I didn't give a shit about getting laid , I was planning on becoming a celebate my whole life but after learning I am ugly and that I won't be loved, it drives me mad with despair it's not the fact that I want to have sex and be loved but rather I can't be loved and be validated by sex , I have been denied something and it hurts.
Those threads are starting to get annoying, so here's the deal: If you point out that a peson on this forum has an anime avatar with a girl that looks like an 8-year-old they say that they're above the age of consent, so that must mean that if they follow their country's laws they are a good boy! Right? Because if the age of consent was 7 universally... then approaching 7-year-old children would be normal! You're not a pedophile if the age of consent in your country is 7! This is hypocrisy at it's finest, most 12-13 year old girls usually have developed feminine features such as big breasts and butts and that's the reason you probably aren't aware that they are 12-13. They could pass for a 16-year-old. And they have had their first period so no, if you approach womanly-looking girls then you aren't a pedophile.
I think it’s fantastic, and not just for the romance. It’s actually one of the few isekai where the protagonist has to go through some tough and painful challenges in his new life, rather than just going from some loser in his previous life, getting hit by a truck, and then becoming a Chad in his new fantasy world. The animation is pretty good and the lore is a lot of fun, too. It’s also pretty dark. Season 2 is coming in Spring 2020 so you have plenty of time to catch up.
Reddit soyboy overrating his shitty hobbies. Imagine my shock. In an age, in which sexual dimorphism hardly exists anymore and we all turn into genderless, nationless, raceless, godless, cultureless working drones for our late-stage capitalist overlords, these soyboys - surprise, surprise - argue to dismantle and "deconstruct" the distinction between friends and partners as well. Partners shall become friends and friends shall become partners. Poly relationships with genderless people who are nothing but friends you have sex with. Disgusting. Degenerate. Love and romance are dead, just like healthy sex is dead. Instead, everything is gay. Even straight relationships are more like gay marriages with two "friends" who occasionally have sex with each other. Clown world.
he's your pal and you love defending him everywhere. there's no need to deny it. it's absolutely pathetic to see an incel do it, though. no self respect. nice thread, i can do it too: So I guess knajjd is an incel after all | Incels.co - Involuntary Celibate Today is my fifth day doing a knajjd Tinder experiment in Brazil. No matches at all! I was only swiping girls I genuinely found attractive right (not only Stacies or something, but no landwhales, no sub3s, no high-primitive favela whores, etc), but even after lowering the standards further, I... incels.co try hard enough with anyone who looks remotely white over on asia and they will get matches. a mere swipe, of course, doesn't mean that they'll actually try to conversate with you.
I was just seething with rage and hate towards my condition like I normally am. It was further amplified by the fact that my brother and his girlfriend sat behind me and were showing affection to one another. This lack of affection from females, and the constant reminder of how ugly I am by various people, has made me extremely bloodlusted. If someone seriously disrespects or looks down upon me in any way, I get high off the thought of killing them. If the infraction is serious enough, psychological torture before the end.
Why don't Korans "belong here"? They don't "belong here" any more or less than Bibles do. They're both fairy tales that tell similarly irrational stories. Individuals should be free to believe in whatever stupid fairy tale they want, but hotels are under no obligation to give you a copy. Why would you want to compare your country to Saudi Arabia though? They're backwards and demented.
There is no NEET system. I live with parents like most of young men here, i own half of the apartment and the average age of leaving your house is 30 here. I used to work manual jobs part time but i didn't do that for months. Manual jobs are all there is for young men cause foids get all the easy jobs due to pretty faces. I should have went to university on dime of a state when i had the chance and waste 4 years of my life majoring a shitty liberal arts degree like 90% of youth does, i would have swept a pointless university likes of philosophy or political sciences so fucking easily cause they are low iq here just like this country (89 average iq, lowest in Europe) and like students there who are some of dumbest little privileged, indoctrinated and ignorant shits i ever saw. I could have become a history teacher . Now i have to pay from my pocket if i want to go. But to be honest i was pretty dumb, bluepilled and ignorant myself back then, i would have been definitely influenced by Western NGO's and socialist-neoliberal boomer academia like all of impressionable easily swayable youth and i don't think that i would end up with this level of knowledge if i wasn't a NEET coping with reading books and researching historical, philosophical, political topics on internet for years. Also i have dual citizenship and i am citizen of EU so i can always come to clean toilets in Western Europe if everything goes to shit here
Not necessarily. Just because we have language and more teachable culture (ie more NURTURED intelligence) wouldn't mean we have more inherent intelligence. Dolphins might well be more intelligent but since they lack hands to invent written languages, they can't build progressive culture like we can. They're limited to oral traditions. Other animals do things like friendship/alliance and have sex for pleasure as well. Dolphins try to fuck humans, that's clearly not for reproduction. Hell, dogs try to fuck humans too. That's for pleasure. Yes they will prioritize a bitch in heat but that's just instinct, the same way human males will usually prioritize fucking women of a fertile age.
i get the same rage whenever I happened to glance cunttears comments as when I read nofap shit. They are being retarded on purpose and pick apart every single goddamn memeified word of every goddamn sentence written on this website, and it's not enough for them to just take shit that shouldn't be taken word for word word for word. they have to misconstrue and read into everything x5 more than what it actually said to demonize every goddamn syllable of every goddamn word to the fullest. Stupid motherfucking dumbfuck retard asshole cunts. I hope all of them get hit by drunk drivers and are pinned under a burning car for 24 hours until they finally die.
So 2 days ago I was being lectured on how we shouldn't use the word "disabled" because it's too offensive and the topic of basketball was brought up, the leftist foid said that wheelchair bound people can play basketball too, they just use different rules (why call it basketball then? lol) and then I told her she can't do well in basketball because she's vertically challenged (she couldn't have been an inch above 5 foot). I shit you not, she said that there was a cartoon in TV called Chicho Terremoto where everyone underestimated the main character because he was short but he was a beast at basketball because he was hard to catch JFL. At that point I had a BSOD playing in my brain because of how stupid this woman was and I said "I still have my doubts about that, but I'll go with it anyway". These people walk around you, vote, and, most importantly, breed.
My dad is doing that too his life is worthless and if he isnt working on his house or lawn he is watching tv interupts me when playing vidya on my day off to carry crap for him JFL if he thinks someone will buy his expensive house in a Blue state with fucked taxes
For sure but I don’t know how he does that bc she is truly disgusting and fat. Definitely below his looksmatch. Btw when I was 12 I invited some friends to my house to play video games with me and they found my mothers condoms it was so embarrassing I wished my mother would die.
I like card games trading card games tabletop games video games I've played and lost in many rigged games: genetic lottery dating life I don't hate women, I hate the order of things. However, I think they should excuse my attitude as well, because... Don't hate the player, hate the game.
Those are low iq socialist city dwelling npc faggots acting all superior and parroting mainstream talking points cause they have no rationality or critical thinking of their own while sandcels are stabbing them and running them all over. They despise police but their argument is also to hide and somehow phone up police instead of using gun if thief came into your house which is ironic and ridiculous. Here you can't even defend yourself in home, if you kill a thief or injure him on your property you will go to jail or get sued. There are still guns around on countryside though. My country Serbia is 2nd in world by guns per capita just behind USA but majority of guns are illegal and hidden in attics, basements, ground or ponds. I suggests that we place all smug cosmoplitan anti-gun leftist Eurocucks who live in safe white neighborhoods and suburbs in Detroit, Baltimore or Camden and we will see if they will keep their rhetoric if they even survive a day without a gun. Bunch of nanny state control freaks who prefer submissions over liberty. They never even saw a gun in their lives and they think they get to decide shit about them. Funny how they say that people who want to ban abortion shouldn't question it because they never experienced that but in same time they get to be entitled about their worthless low iq opinions on guns when they never held one and which killed less people than women in 40 years of sexual liberation.
In my lonely teen years it happened. Was 14-15, reading book about Soviet Union nature reserves, and one picture of antelope (goitered gazelle, if remember right) got my special attention. It was so nice shapes of those legs and butt, so elegant and gracile, that decided try fapping to it. And was succesfull. And even had sexual thoughts about it, what it would feel doing in reality, both in body of human male, and of gazelle male But never fapped, never had sexual thoughts about landwhale femoid. If just bit chubby, it can be ok, especially if comes with oppai. But fat femoid is so disgusting and repulsive creature, so of esthetically displeasing and anti-sexual, that even fit antelope if of more sexy, fappable, even bangable in case of, and less of zoophilia, than human hambeast
I'm in a discord server, and some girl was posting how some random guy she met on Twitter is gifting her games on steam, despite not talking to him or even asking for it. This guy is such a bluepilled cuck, it's actually hilarious. What a moron. Just shows you that this is one reason why women have high expectations: because bluepilled cucks are retarded. Btw for those asking, it's like 300€ value
Going by this logic I would see myself to be blackpilled then. Saying that I ask this question: If I hate women to the point that i self sneer whenever i see one and that i dont want a relationship because they are pieces of shit. Does that make me blackpilled?
water is wet , normies are fags letting their wifes get ravaged by Chad , blacked , wrecked , foreign objects inserted in places ... where they dont normally fit , rawdogged and bitch-slapped , then tossed in a ditch still better than starfish , as soft as it gets with her cucked husband , he's sobbing until she spreads her legs and tolerates it lets him have his hormonal fix , pretends to orgasm , calling it quits lies to his face and hes falling for it . Cause a couple of minutes of whoredom still beats a lifetime of Normalcy , monogamy , boring conformity , torment indeed , she hit the wall and aborted her dreams . Cucked her husband and taught him defeat , no positive masculine , awful beliefs no toxik mysogynist , narcissist needs one wrong word and shes causing a scene She'd rather Life ... in poverty , falling asleep next to someone who's more than she needs , whos more than you'll ever be , hard to believe genetic superiorty's all that she seeks . you won't get the cake , not even a piece you'll get the leftovers , roastbeef , diseased , used up and mentally worn out trash heap . So , buddy watch how you talk to your Queen be lucky to have her , shes all that you need love her forever , indefinitely pay for that ring and fall to your knees , smile and laugh but internally scream , Reap what you sow and face your defeat comofortably numb , cause she murdered your dreams.
Meanwhile in Amerishit Interestingly couldn't find a male equivalent for this video but this gives you a good idea of the inhumane conditions in US prisons. Imagine being a police officer and taking people to these absolute hellholes to be locked up for obscene amounts of time and thinking you do the world a good service. The woman in the video got locked up in Florida, same state I'm from and it reminds me of my time in the psych ward there, same complete lack of common sense. Funny thing is that it mirrors prison totally. Brought to shitty facility in handcuffs by cops and subjected to searches. Locked in against your will and fed shitty medications, shitty food, and around a bunch of crazy people. Everything about the experience works against improving mental health just like the prison system goes completely against anything that would actually help criminals. Complete fucking clown country. Meanwhile in sane European countries like the Netherlands common sense is employed. The United States has a completely barbaric shithole culture and I wish everyday I was born in a place like the Netherlands instead. I'd probably be a neurosurgeon living my best life by now. The injustice, the stupidity, it's too fucking much. I fucking hate this fucking planet so goddamn much
my mom is so disgusting and retarded, i barely leave my room and she wants me to take showers??, i wouldnt be a dirty useless neet if i was tall and goodlooking, i would take care of myself if i was a 6'4 chad, stupid bitch is trying to push me to my limit... she also calls my dad FOR EVERYTHING, SHE WANTS TO SEE MY DAD BEATING ME UP BECAUSE SHE KNOWS MY DAD IS A MIDGET PIECE OF SHIT THAT PICKS ON ME CUZ HED PROBABLY GET KNOCKED OUT OUTSIDE
I have already thought about that possibility tbh. He really seems to fish for high-effort, good posts, unlike most people there who cherrypick evil/retarded shit. There's also the fact that guy is online all the time pretty much, he's very likely a NEET and possibly an incel himself. Also, thanks, I'm happy that you enjoy my posts
But i like my free will ''Sorry,I didn't mean to come off as hostile,I was actually trying to be passive.'' Oh right okay. ''I don't believe white genocide is a good term to describe it,but when I see some ethnic from Somalia causing crime in a country that has not been built for him and he's only there out of the generosity of those more fortunate than him,I want him to be hung.'' Yeah that's where i agree the kikes are planning socialism onto these countries collapsing it slowly but surely and ethnics are being used as cannon fodder where i disagree is the whole idea of segregation and shit i'm all for the free movement of people if they come here to not cause crimes and the somalian situation is to complex to get into their is a lot of other stuff happening behind the scenes that we are not aware of lots of (((planned shit))) i can tell you where were heading towards though a 1 world government. ''What I was trying to say is that I don't believe my stance is any morally superior than some nigger screaming wakanda forever and trying to deport whites in South Africa.'' The south african thing is blown way out of proportion a few tossers here or their are trying to stir controversy over why ? cause free land sounds good
Used to set really high expectations and the pressure made me crumble, to which i feel terrible aftrwards. Nowadays i set series of short term goals to which i do the best i can. Also i pretend i am playing rpg game and try not to take anything serious or personal.
I mean you could lie if your illness is not severe. but the monastery have no choice but to ban unhealthy people as there are not enough funds,a bad apple can spoil the bunch type thinking, also an unhealthy body makes it hard to meditate, when I was fat it was definetly harder to meditate regardless of me lying down or using a stool or cross logged.
I am not follower of any religions, but my beliefs are into dharmic side, so concidering going further towards that side, and waifu of dharmic religions be good. While abrahamics are not compatible for me, and if waifu is of abrahamic, but not deeply religious - thats also shit, too mmuch of superficial whore to be expected (unless she could turn more religious, but into dharmic side). But even Buddhism is not of best kind in SEA, and where of best - is in Japan, nice combination wih local paganism. So japan waifu be most perfect, good religion, and good language, not annoying to learn and speak, like those analytic SEA horribilities (austronesian good, but those turned muslims ). But 3d femoids so cunts in Japan :/
i hate people who buy expensive as fuck phones while they cant even afford food properly . I always see these refugees in germany here walk around with their iphone 11 or galaxy note 10 plus or whatever . They get payed by the state to buy this shit , jfl at germany ,
When i see a whore walking outside, most of the time they wouldn't even look at me but when they do they have this look of disgust, at that moment I have the biggest urge to knock them the fuck out, and I dare a white Knight son of a bitch to come and stop me. I've had it, you don't want to fuck me? OK I've accepted I willl be KHHV for life but don't give me the look of disgust to rub it in.
For example, when kids misbehave and act like little impolite brats many parents make excuses saying things like "oh, you have to excuse him cause he's autistic" Not at all, you fucked up as a parent, you didn't teach your little monster some respect and now he acts that way. Same with some adults who insult you or act like assholes, they claim, "sorry, I have Asperger you know it's not my fault to be so honest about you bulbous nose and ugly face" No, bitch you're no a spergie. You're a fucking asshole and I'll kick you motherfucking bitchy ass if you keep fucking up with me.
I always noticed how fucking shitty and low effort his posts were. It was like he knew he was better and more attractive than the rest of us and found a perfect outlet to flex secretly. Hate to be that guy but even before I had an account here it was clear to me that he was a chad.
Yeah it's also my last remaining cope. I'm drunk pretty much 24/7, and haven't missed a day in probably like 6 months but its been an issue for years. Does mean I don't get hangovers anymore though. It's over anyway so may as well go out having fun. Whats your drink of choice?
I was always the person my parents and teachers enjoyed blaming for the mistakes of others, including their own character flaws, they projected their evil and selfish nature onto me, a pure and benevolent child. Whenever something bad happened, even an accident. I was always blamed, yelled at or hit. I still remember all the times I was sent to the office at school when kids tattled on me for annoying or bothering them just for existing. People enjoyed treating me with the utmost disdain and contempt for being different.
I am different. I am autistic, this world was not meant for me. While all the NT's enjoyed each other's company through friends, clubs, parties and sleepovers. I was cast aside and shunned, because they sensed I wasn't one of them. That I was not a part of their pathetic hive-mind herd. They didn't like me because they are only supposed to like other NT's, those like them. When I tried playing their silly little social games, they humiliated, bullied, and tortured me. In the end they betrayed me and acted like I never existed. Those worthless fucking scum screwed me over and still continue to enjoy their happy, healthy lives untouched by pain, misery, and death. What a fantastic fucking world this is. So much for justice.
True but I mean in ER's case I can't say I feel bad for his relatives tbh, they're more or less are the people who in part caused him to give up on life in the first place. I read his manifesto, imagine if his dad wasn't so distant from him(doesn't even seem like he gave a shit about ER judging by interviews), and if he wasn't outright mocked and treated like shit by his dad's used up foid.
By Professor B. McGirlsex, PhD in INCELDOM (Cambridge, UK), M.B.B.S (Kings College, London, UK), BSc (Hons) (APNP) The jaded whore puzzle paradox Why would a jaded whore who has literally fucked a over 1000 men with impunity so much so that her pussy is numb and cant feel any sexual pleasure refuse to fuck one more guy? "But but you've fucked 1000's of men"! In the ending of the movie Seligman, who had been listening for hours to the roastie Joe retell the disgusting story of all her whoredoms and sexual degeneracy - decides to try and fuck her. After all Joe is just a basic whore who has fucked just about everything that has a cock and balls right? But why does this jaded whore refuse Seligman(who is probably an incel) sex and kill him ? Real world applications Why do roasties who have fucked 100 of guys refuse sex with incels? They have had sex so many times its no longer special to them. Why not just take Mr. Incels virginity and give him a ride to remember? Why are roasties so selfish with pussy? Why???
There were a bunch of Asians in a particular kind of school uniform that looked less shitty than ours walking around in the CBD. They looked different from the other kinds and when I evesdropped on them walking past I heard them say shit like "desu" and "sugoi" completely unironically. Pretty sure these are real Japanese people. Not sure why Japanese high school girls don't look like they do in anime but I'm pretty disappointed. Not sure why weebcels have felt the need to mislead us. On the bright side, they have the feminine mannerisms on point with maybe a bit more venomous sarcasm.
when I say "randomness" I mean more like things you have 0 control over. Like I can't control certain events happen around me no matter how hard I try they will just happen because they were going to happen. I think free will exists, though I guess it really depends on how you define it.
This woman is either monumentally stupid, or blissfully ignorant to think that she won the Miss Universe beauty pageant because she's actually the most beautiful woman in the world. JFL! No, idiot. The liberal SJW judges made you win because you're black. That's it in a nutshell. They're using you for publicity, and to show the world what good liberals they are. Here's what she said after she "won": "I grew up in a world where a woman who looks like me — with my kind of skin and my kind of hair — was never considered to be beautiful," she said in her last response. "I think it is time that that stops today. I want children to look at me and see my face and I want them to see their faces reflected in mine." So, in other words, people should force themselves to think that women who look like her are beautiful, even though their gut instincts say otherwise. The level of narcissism and entitlement is out of control. Nothing is more politicized than this contest is today. It USED to be a serious show that attempted to select the most aesthetically beautiful female. But, now it's all politics. JFL if you think winning Miss Universe today is an achievement. Miss South Africa crowned 2019 Miss Universe Zozibini Tunzi was crowned Miss Universe 2019 after excelling through rounds of swimsuit and evening gown struts, questions on social issues and one final chance to explain why she was the right choice. www.cnn.com
I always hated quests in runescape for some reason, though I loved everything else except pking in that game. I hated them because of the items you'd need. So you needed to open a guide beforehand, see all the items you need, buy them. Then you had to progress the quest, go to a bank, take the items etc... Some quests were really annoying, had you backtracking so many times. It just felt like the quests were a way to time gate stuff, to make you run errands back and forth. Also the skill requirements were annoying at first, like high agility and shit. I hated training agility.
He didnt fail to get the date scheduled, I dont get whats so difficult to understand about this. This thread is primarily about planning to go to a date with a foid and not about being stood up or being rejected any other way, fuck I dont know if Im nitpicky here, but I really dont like this shit, I really, really fucking wish I just didnt get rejected at every fucking instance, it feels so fucking awful, like it really never even began, like even the thought of having a date is a joke. Hah, only saw that now, yeah thats pretty funny, thanks for getting my feelings up at least a bit.
Its not free money rather deducted from your salary in advance for the coming year. the employer instead of paying u and paying taxes put money in tax free debit card which u can use for medical expensses. this way the employee will not have pay taxes on his medical expenses. but at this point i will not ever use one again as if u change jobs u only have 2.5 months to use the money, and its shit ton of hassle to show the dumb jewish sons of bitrches fucking reciepts.
I like your thread and I agree with the majority of your thoughts. I think that the romantic interpretation of the so called “love” is based on cultural values of your society. That means (thinking of love) you will value what your society has set as a “value”, the collective interpretation of what “love” is worth in terms of meaning, determination, and value. The definition of love is very vague, and there are many concept of that “feeling”. I think that for an incel is better to maintain a “love relativist” position, thinking that every “meaningful content” created to define the value of “love” isn’t absolute, but relative. That’s my opinion. But thinking that love is relative, doesn’t mean it doesn’t exist as a psychological phenomenon. Obviously love exist, it’s a characteristic exclusively of a mental phenomenon, induced by chemical drugs produced by the host and the way he represent this phenomenon in his mind. As incels we are “missing” a lot not feeling “love”, though we can cope maintaining the position of “love relativists”. So, because we never experienced that chemical-love-feeling we can only represent in our mind an idea closely associated with the conventional “love meaningful-content” that the mention of the name “love” calls into our mind. We don’t know exactly what “love” is, on that argument we know less than normies.
I hate cities and I will try as best as I can to stay away from them. One of my ambition copes is to eventually move on the outskirts of a small town in the Panhandle where taxes are low and house prices are cheap, and no Chad and Stacy will be in sight!
Not necessarily rude. But you shouldn't be always nice. There are times where you have to stand up for yourself or you'll get bullied. You'll never have their respect and if they don't fear you then they won't stop bullying you. And minding your own business? What do you mean by that? Are you introvert? If you don't speak up against their bullshit or bully them back they'll never stop. Faggots will tell you fighting back if you're alone will only make things worse. But I know from personal experience things will never change or get worse regardless of whether you fight back or not. But if you do fight. At least then you'll have a chance to get them off your back once and for all. They'll never respect you. Remember that.
A BBC kids’ TV star has appeared in court charged with owning pics of extreme animal porn. Stephen Kish, 30, known as Sizzlin’ Steve, was a host on CBBC show Officially Amazing. Kish, who also runs dog-walking firm “Tails Of Love Pet Care”, is accused of possessing 27 bestiality images. Kish, from Hove, East Sussex, denied the charges at Brighton magistrates court last week. The charge states that he “possessed extreme pornographic images, namely 27, which portrayed in an explicit and realistic way, a person performing an act of intercourse with a live unknown animal”. It states the images “are grossly offensive, disgusting, or otherwise of an obscene character, and a reasonable person looking at the images would think that any such person or animal was real”. Shines this other headline from last year in a whole new light: CBBC personality finds pet therapy in Molly the labrador A TV personality has told how his faithful dog helps him through his struggles with depression and anxiety. www.theargus.co.uk He said: “I have such an amazing bond with Molly, who is always by my side. “She always tries to please and really enjoys seeing others enjoying themselves. “I suffer from depression and anxiety, but Molly helps me when I need it the most and has even helped me make new friends. “Being able to see her simply wag her tail makes me smile and be happy. “However, when I start to think about Molly and what would happen to her if I wasn’t around, I begin to think more logically and rationally about things.” It's over for Ricecels
Think of all the couples going to the movies tonight, while you spend your friday night cooped up in your room. Browsing youtube, browsing .co, daydreaming about meeting a girl. All those girls you see in public have someone to go home to and vent to. While you are seen as a creepy weirdo loser for even dare looking at them when you walk by.
"just as into you" is a comparison that is not necessarily impressive. "Passionate" could mean negative passions like disgust. Explain what you mean by intimacy please. Guys who brag about abandoning their egos haven't actually abandoned their egos. You still have an ego, you're hopefully just progressively uncoupling it from others' opinions as your regard for those opinions shrinks under rational analysis of their hypocrisy and stupidity. It's just a healther less pathetic/dependant ego. I say "less" because there isn't a truly 100% independent one. It's just compared to other extremes.
Sometimes some people tried to be "positive" to me, by saying "Don't worry, you will find woman one day", by meaning something hideous. Thats no better than negative masses, saying that I will not find anything. Those ways of simping and betabuxing are to be avoided, not so be found, and "treasures" who awaits by going them - ugly femorloids, "settling" roasties, and single mothers. Only cute teen girls (or young adults with spirit and shape of teen) do count for serious things, and for non serious - only pretty thots who just want sam fak (they can be even single mothers, but that be no problem, if them wanting juts to fuck with me, not to make into stepcuck daddy). Everything else is trash
I wonder who actually listens to female rappers. All female rappers suck and most of them are dykes. I hate how this bitch Cardi B has been put on a pedestal and now acts like shes the shit. She can't rap, she's ugly, and she should be in jail. I honestly hate females acting tough in general when any guy could put them in their place
You are self conscious how much noise you make eating popcorn, you feel like you make way more noise than anyone else Also possible bonus inceltraits: hate talking in films(want to be fully focused in the film where as normie cant stop talking and laughing), like to sit 60-80 percent up in the Seats, getting anxiety during the advertisements(I think it's because you're afraid something disturbing might come), fantasize about crawling beneath the seats in the dark when theres few people there and they dont notice you(okay maybe just me)
Which will be a fake. Most likely that will not happen. Let us be honest. This is the future: - More men in low-level jobs - There will be absolutely no prospective for men to hope for a better future - More female empowerement in the work environment and in general - Men will almost have no money despite the fact they are working hard - Most men will not drive - Most men will not have a driver licence anymore - More and more female driving (this has been confirmed officially) - More and more dumb, retarded and/or autistic men in general - The testosterone in men will drop even further beyond - The media and the general public will keep making fun of lonely and desperate men - Here and there, finally some man snaps but nothing else will happen. They only use those events only to limit men even more - More immigration - More race mixing - This is the end
It's ok we all have those phases. Of course their opinion matters in the sense that it's what makes us incels, but that doesn't mean we are lesser beings, and that's the point: we don't deserve the suffering caused by foids. Cucks have allowed the current situation, it's always the same question, who do you blame, the dog or the owner?
Sure kikes are just a part of the problem , even if you take them out what about the cucks that have existed in every civilization from the dawn of time , how to control cucks. Kikes controlling a civilization only happens because people running it are weak and corrupt , rather even after the kikes are long gone some small group will maintain all the power.
these are men of war fighting age being total cucks to get a couple of laughs on the internet. A little over 100 years ago young men actually had to fight for their lives and this is what we produced over time. Idk maybe war is more than just a neccessary evil maybe it cleans the population of cucks but at the same time good men die aswell
It started off with me playing with the hair of this really cute girl, and then us play fighting... She ended up saying that she had a pain in her breasts and then asking if I could rub them, so I placed my arm around her shoulder and grabbed her breast with my hand from there. She then placed her arm around me and told me, "lets go somewhere more quiet" where we began to walk. Our heads were resting against each other as we walked, it felt great. The dream then skipped to us making out and then her pushing me onto a bed where we began kissing even more. I woke up shortly after realizing it was all fake and that my life was pathetic and that I'm still an incel. But its a dream I will never forget
Fuuuuuckkkk! Foids are just savage and brutal degenerate animals. Brutal - and they want men to make them cum when their clits have been desensitized by that rough dog tongue Foids are practically animal rapists but want to walk the high ground and keep yelling "rape is wrong" when they are raping their poor doggies every day and every night - forcing these poor defenceless doggies to lick their disgusting std riddled cunts. Another Hiroshima Nagasaki sized irony of ironies is that foids are the biggest animal activists against animal abuse but they are ironically the gender who abuse animals the most by raping them without their consent Fucking foidddddsss!
Instead: BBC weather: Europe faces mid-October heatwave as temperatures soar above 30C SUMMER appears to be hanging on for as long as possible as BBC Weather forecasted more “fine and dry” weather for Europe with temperatures in some parts reaching into the “low 30s”. www.express.co.uk Half-naked foids, you yourself being forced to wear little clothes, fucking people outside all the time, everything noisy because everyone is fucking outside... I fucking HATE it.
6 months? I doubt anyone here can say they beat that without larping. I think the longest I've gone was a bit over two weeks. Shavecels cannot go months without showering. I wish I could go that long just to have higher rotmaxxing status. Showering is a good cope, sometimes it helps me relax when I'm thinking about how ugly and retarded my face looks and how worthless and over my life is. It's good to go into shower with a bottle of wine, rum, or whiskey and drink while listening to the water hit the top of your head. The shower is also a great place for adding notches and bloodplay because it all washes away and goes down the drain. The hot water stings when it washes over the new ones.
Fireworks and the whole celebration of new years eve is just a man made stupid normie celebration. I live in a small town and the fireworks only go on for about 40 minutes. I went out at 00:02 to watch the fireworks for myself and i only saw like three fireworks, the sky werent lit at all. I'm pretty sure the ones who fired all the fireworks are city people who moved from large cities to this small town because it's one of the safest towns/villages in Swedistan. (i only see normies, high tier ones and chad + stacies with kids and boomers whenever i'm going out for a walk here) I can't bother to celebrate this stupid occasion. I'm all alone while everyone else is sipping champagne and fucking foids. I took my last sip of vodka at 23:59:43 and my new years resolution was to stop drinking. I know it's stupid to be enslaved by time and numbers but i ran out of alcohol anyway. One 33cl liter beer isn't going to make my evening any better.
It's not worth it. I have seen the men there. Their wives have sucked their blood dry. The streets are trash. If you bring her over to west your risk cuckdom. But if u stay in the shithole u breath bad air, risk food infection, can't eat outside during cucked ramadan
Reporting everything to mods because you like to suck their dick. How does it feel to be such a fucking cuck? Aren't you ashamed of being such a pussy? Instead of confronting people you hide and snitch because you're a little bitch that got upset because someone called you out on your cope. Honestly how much of a fucking loser can you be? You suck (((their))) cock in real life and you come here to suck MODS cock in a fucking forum, honestly JFL at being you. "oooOOH YEEAASS MY MASTERSS NOW I'M A BIG GUY!!!"
Yeah, I mean from my perspective, maybe he can get a date again? And then afterwards again some other time, work his way up slowly and at least get to fuck at some point, its not really something to look forward to since its on par with a freak accident, but its something, wish I could have that.
Ah I see what you mean. I tend to think that IT browse through the archives loads to find things to post, as do most guests. May was a very busy time for the site so I'd guess that lots of threads have disproportionate view to post ratios. Just a guess however. I'm not sure if guest views count towards the tally or not.
Fuck that is absolute suicidefuel. My computer is 6 years old and I feel like it can die any day now. I accidentally pulled out the power cord with my foot 2 months, didn't realize that at the time so I thought it just broke and that panic from my computer being completely dead was horrible.
Same exact thought I had when I read the fucking hilarious headline lol Fame. Money. Good looks. Thousands of people who would give you anything you want. And what does she do? She kills herself lol I'm sad for her Father because he knows he raised a weak stupid shit for a daughter
But girls win a lot of these encounters too. They usually match them up with boys with little experience or small weak boys. Also when girl wins it gets more exposure, there are a lot of fights on YouTube where girls won because people upload that and it gets a lot of views. Even if girls lose like 9 out of 10 of these contests, the one where they win is posted all over the internet and the man gets ridiculed and humiliated. I think for this reason men often reject to fight women. For example this ethnic got submitted quickly by a white stacy:
“hurrrr i post more which means everything i say is fax!!1!” You sound like you have a superiority complex “Look at how many ugly couples there are” I’ve genuinely, and i mean this, never seen one, its always a 6+/10 dude with a 3/10 foid, ive never seen a looksmatch couple, never. And say, if you do believe in your delusion, why havent you ascended yet? Dont give me bullshit excuses, give me a genuine answer, if it doesnt line up with anything you’ve said so far, then youre a coping retard.
society: drunk people can’t consent because drunk people don’t know what they’re doing also society: drunk rapists know what they’re doing while drunk Me: Society is contradicting itself society: HOW DARE YOU QUESTION WHAT WE SAY?! society knows drunk rapists don’t know what they’re doing. Society just doesn’t wanna admit it because it’s offensive
Pollution that makes you retard, paying 50% of your income to live in a roach motel, sounds of traffic and AIDs babies plunging through the gutters... bbbut cultural events. Muh baseball team. Muh fancy restaurants. Muh fancy creative city jobs. Muh beautiful diversity. Muh living in the center of everything with cool people with limitless shopping and recreational opportunities. Everything that makes cities good can be experienced on a three day trip. Living in a city is like living in Disneyland between the exit of a ride and the trash bins where people throw up. Human waste everywhere and you pay for the privelage of living in chad and stacy's orgiastic fuckland.
they should lock her in an all male russion prison for six years see our she likes getting gangfucked every two seconds then beaten then pimped out to the local pound for some extra special treatment. the one thing i hate more than a pedo is a female one as they get less time and better treatment in a female prison if they get time at all. hope she chokes to death while deep throating a iron bar filthy pedo scum
Fuck, I hate it when my brain goes all bitch mode and lets the emotions take over. Usually I'm logical mind-dominant but I've drank a bit and smoked a bit and now I just made things worse and I'm feeling everything too hard. Now I just have to either wait to sober up to subdue the emotions again or go down the hole further til I just pass the fuck out so I can start fresh tomorrow. I'm determined in life not to feel things.
This was the first time a foid ever delivered pizza to me. So this was definitely unusual. Still lifefuel that I didn't help her. That look on her face was priceless. That's why I refuse to be a pizza delivery boy. You need tips to make up for the weak wages they pay you.
Let’s see here >2,507 Americunt civilians dead >343 firefighters dead >72 law enforcement dead >55 military personnel dead I hate Americans. Americans are a bunch of rude, diabetic assholes. I especially liked the part where those retarded fatass Americans were jumping from the World Trade Center. Lol. But I especially hate the police. It was so far the deadliest loss of life for law enforcement (which is a joke in this country). Which gives me even more reason to laugh at it. I’ve experienced police brutality firsthand and I know how these paycheck robots operate. But hell, they even managed to kill 55 occupying ZOG US soldiers. Tell me how this was a bad thing again?
I'm not just ethnic, but I'm the lowest of all ethnics. I come from the ugliest people in the world, from what is essentially the ghetto of the most pathetic nation on earth. All ethnics are superior to me, even curry and rice people. My culture is trash, my people are nothing but religious fanatics who sit around smoking shisha all day, I'm ashamed to be one of them. It's bad enough that I am forever denied the pleasures of the flesh just because I happen to be born an ugly ethnic, but I am now ashamed to even go outside while being ethnic. jfl I'm suffering 24/7.
When I sit down to play a game, my heart is still hurting from how I’m treated in my daily life as a wage slave. So I hate to break it you, but no copes are sufficient if you aren’t getting fulfillment in the other areas of your life. The depression ruins everything I would also advise taking a break from gaming though, since gaming hiatus’ have helped me enjoy them even more when I got back.
It's ironic, isn't it. Once, I was a naive 13 year old posting on r/incels. Not as a member of the group, no, but to make a mockery of them. I still remember what I said. "You are all loser virgins", of something of the like. The actual content of the message doesn't matter, rather, my attitude. I thought it was hilarious that there were tens of thousands of virgin men posting on the internet lamenting how they couldn't get laid because of their looks. After all, I was a tall, popular, attractive young boy who would DEFINITELY be a slayer when I got older, right? I digress; I was banned for that post, and forgot about incels for a while. At 14, I started to use braincels. The blackpill seemed to be truth, but I still considered myself among the genetic elite. As I entered high school, I thought it'd be full of young love and relationships. At 15, I developed my first oneitis. She rejected me. It fucked me up badly. For some cucked reason, I was in love with her. To this day, I still have strong feelings for her. But yeah. I'm too fucking tired to write anymore. I used to make fun of incels, now I'm a fucking depressed suicidal oneitis-having cuck who deserves to die. It's so fucking over.
So most people treat everyone the same. Or at least I am like that and think that's how it should be. Yet, cucks still still tell me to respect women. The shit I see them do is to give women free shit, pay for their bills, etc. People who know each other usually have mutual respect for each other. So ALL that those things those cucks do is equal to women barely giving them a smile and maybe a "thank you". If that is not even respecting women, just the base interaction with them, then what the hell does "respecting women" mean? And why are women allowed to be so rude? Let me tell you that women are the most privilidged group on Earth
I don't like ramen. It is just salt. I love meat and potatoes. Best thing ever.. 1.Prison School 2. Brynhildr in the Darkness 3. Planetes 4. MM 5. Moribito Guardian of the Spirit I get fat in the winter and I lose weight in the summer. I cannot build muscle easily. I don't diet but I eat healthy and avoid processed food. I get my meat and potatoes local and fresh. I have a small garden where I grow tomatoes and cucumbers. I do my best to avoid eating food from corporate death farms controlled by the evil elites
CEO of my own company, NEET on max government benefits or rich enough to do nothing. I'm coping by thinking a lottery jackpot is on the horizon, but I had to try like fuck to get a minimum wage job I hate and I've been performing badly lately and they may get rid of me. I get treated and talked to like shit anyway by boomers who've been in relationships for decades, or younger better looking normies with sex lives. They could never relate to my shitty existence with no friends or social life and being an involuntary virgin at this age. Things will only get worse.
I’ve got a match with foid on dating app. Wrote her first, after few cold answers she ghosted me. But couple of days after she writes me this shit: “I don’t want relationship with you (i wonder why, must be my recessed bones toxic personaliteehee), but i we can be friends because we have same interests “. she did really like my bio. I’ve read her message, but didn’t reply. 10 hours later she became insulted cause I didn’t reply, and i started trolling the bitch. She said that I’m crazy, idiot and retard and she doesn’t want to talk to me. My answer was “ok”
JFL at white women they would start sucking shit out of cows asses if some African told them it's a long spiritual tradition and religious ceremony that heals you and gives you energy. They will try literally anything just to get away from patriarchal Christianity which ironically gave them all rights to be stupid whores.
No, its you messing up the definitions again, even tho its just semantics. Shallowness = how much you are attracted to superficial things like looks for example. Standard = what lookslevel pleases you Men are easily physically attracted to women while women are not easily physically attracted to men. This doesn't mean men don't care about looks just as much, it just means we have a lower threshold of what we genuinely find attractive due to our difference in biology.
I mog you because I don't need a group of apes that have an astounding 80 IQ together You are like an ethnic ganging up on 1 with his cousins, pathetic bitch You are like the 3 degenerates in the subway in Joker @Weeb25 @Pareg @Parrtlord @Nothingness @Michael15651 this is me shitting on u
Satan is basically a hero until Adam comes along in the lore. He basically was pissed that earth was being given to dumb primates and his race was made second class citizens. All the lore is cope though. Looks are all that matter. Atman and Jiva is an older story than Adam and Eve.
im addicted to porn. i watch it everyday. i can't stop. even if i could i wouldn't want to. but then again that may be the addiction talking. i legit like to eat my dinner while browsing Xvideos on my tablet so I can bookmark and favorite potential fapping videos for later. like i will fast forward through a 30 minute porno and if some of the scenes look good i bookmark it for later and jerk off to it within the week. i can easily spend 2-3 hours browsing porn just so i can have stuff for later. that's not even including i still need an additional hour for edging myself and a good 10-15 minutes after that for cleanup and rehydration. Then another hour to go to sleep. It's hell being in my shoes.
The truth is somewhere in the middle. For a lot of people in arranged marriages, there is a bond that tends to form between them that is very different from Western married couples, a sort of mutual understanding of their situation and the realization that working together on building a working relationship is the better alternative to being bitter and resentful. A lot of these couples "learn" how to love each other in a way that is very different from traditional courting, but that love can be equally or even stronger than a traditional marriage. I don't think arranged marriages are the end-all solution to the terrible dating/marriage situation in today's Western society, but there are absolutely a lot of positives that can come from them that feminists and cucks will never care to see or admit to.
I personally feel the happiest around my friends tbh. I wouldn't call myself an extrovert but I've learned to have great social skills out of necessity, not out of enjoyment. I just become a lot more low inhib, I feel happier, and honestly I even forget about the fact that im incel. Before I took the blackpill I always preferred being by myself, but now, everytime I'm at home I feel so fucking shit. I hate it, it unironically makes me want to rope. I'm not gonna of course because I'm 16 and that's literal room temperature IQ decision making, but it still makes life shit anyways. Problem is I spend most of my days and time alone, so it kind of fucking sucks. Thankfully sports start again soon so I will be spending less time at home, but summer break is literally hell for me. I can't imagine spending months by myself, I don't think I'll be able to take it.
I hate this shit honestly. Do you fucking think a nobody like your self with a minimum wage job can become the top 5% percentile of people? Get FUCKING REAL DUDE. The marketers that sell this dream make money of delusional fools like you, they flash you the cars , the money, the women and all that flashy bullshit so you can buy into this dream and then they sell you this dream and people like you buy it. Cuz they know there will always be someone stupid enough to buy this shit. WAKE THE FUCK UP
Warts are caused by infection with a type of human papillomavirus. Factors that increase the risk include use of public showers, working with meat, eczema and a weak immune system. The virus is believed to enter the body through skin that has been damaged slightly. A number of types exist, including "common warts", plantar warts, "filiform warts", and genital warts. Genital warts are often sexually transmitted. Without treatment, most types of warts resolve in months to years.
This disgusting piece of s--t is only. 55. If I got her, I'd be doing her a favor. Nobody is going to want her. For every man willing to take her, there are ten more like her. There's an over supply of older women, a short supply of men who'd take them. Can you believe she was in 9th grade when I was in the twelfth. If this isn't hitting the wall, I don't know what is. If I can't get a woman my age, I'm not missing anything. She looks like my grandmother (1887 - 1975) Only four people suffer from one of the world's rarest conditions. Symmie is one Five-year-old Symerien has one of the rarest medical conditions on the planet, but this is just one part of a life spent fighting against the odds. www.abc.net.au
I am tall and dicklet, nearly as bad. Women expect tall guys to have big dicks just as much as black guys. Fuck God and fuck my father's evil genetics. Obviously it would bar extreme examples like this. This guy is freakishly horrible and couldn't get past his belly even if he had 10".
I've read Lolita, but it didn't enjoy it a lot tbh. I mean, it kept my attention enough for me to finish it, but I liked Kodomo No Jikan a whole lot more tbh. Kodomo No Jikan is the textbook definition of "come for the lolis, stay for the great story". I think I was never so deeply involved with a work of fiction in my life. Lolita is very realistic and dark, the girl clearly doesn't love the guy. It's been like 8 years since I read it, so my memory of it must not be the best, but I especially remember reading the ending of it and being disheartened about how realistically dull it was. Also Humbert is clearly depicted as a scoundrel taking advantage of the girl, which is nothing like Kojika's Aoki sensei, who may irritate me with his mentalcelish personality, but is clearly not an evil person. Kodomo No Jikan is more dreamy, idealized, lighthearted. The girl absolutely loves the guy.
Sorry,I didn't mean to come off as hostile,I was actually trying to be passive. I don't believe white genocide is a good term to describe it,but when I see some ethnic from Somalia causing crime in a country that has not been built for him and he's only there out of the generosity of those more fortunate than him,I want him to be hung. What I was trying to say is that I don't believe my stance is any morally superior than some nigger screaming wakanda forever and trying to deport whites in South Africa.
Thats "roasting" from degenerates, to ask those questions. And my answer to both is "YES" I see myself as handsome, cultured, and worthy of better life, so I would date myself, if I was girl OF CULTURE And sure would want my daughter to date broken but cultured man like me. She in that way would prove of being cultured and god tier waifu, and make me proud, instead of being stupid primitive whore who wants only chad, or greedy cunt who wants only rich man, and with her even not doing input, just coming to man's life like parasite So now just need to find god tier cute adorable loli waifu of culture. In this degenerate planet
All those money could have went to automation research. A machine can work without any breaks 24/7 , doesn't creates union and doesn't demand increased wages compared to humans plus they aren't exactly bringing a disciplined bunch. It's pretty stupid decision tbh specially Germany with there engineercels , the money used on refugees could have been invested in automation. But then again they outsource there labour so cheaper countries maybe they think those refugees will one day become engineers or scientists idk.
reasons black foids are undesriable: 1. most are landwhales or have a lot of excess belly fat. 2. most have ugly faces, most of their faces look masculine and makes it hard to tell if its even a foid, 3. bad attitudes 4. ghetto behaviors, 5. some dress and behave like men,6. some black foids have unattractive carpet hair 7. obnoxious and loud mouthed
My point is that most ethics have a "sexy dangerous man" thing going for them. These curries just feel of desperation and fuck ups like these make us look even more pathetic. I'm not even going to get a curry foid, let alone a Stacy. Tbh I would prefer a curry foid since I'm more attracted to them. But that's not happening.
There's a huge difference between "it twitched" arousal and "full mast" arousal is my point. Even if we got the exact same number of responses for 2 groups, it wouldn't necessarily mean it's the same DEGREE of response. That's like saying "we tested 10 men, all 10 men were scared by a spider and all 10 men were scared by a group of masked men aiming guns at them". Just because all were scared in both cases wouldn't mean the same degree of fear, so you wouldn't use this to conclude that men are equally afraid of spiders and masked men with guns.
Numb nihility Purveyoroftruth RREEEEEEEEE Uglyethnicrat BodyFat10orRope Rippa Transcended Trucel vodkacel jerrycan dan Discipline Legendarywristcel DeathtoallChads RemoveNormalfags InfiniteShowers theson Nicotine NoCopeNoHope Fat Link VictoryOrDeath Damo the incel wide_eyed_optimism_ Miscreated Opus132 boringcel FinnCel turbocuckcel_7000 Forum_User_2345 chazitsoverr BP_Renegade VirtueSignaller AlexanderTheGreat11 D3X CursedCel BummerDrummer Sandcel22 Edmund_Kemper virgin4life Uggo Mongo grayjedi90 The Incel Decade Saudade -BrettyBoy- Giegue Colvin76 Michinomiya Hirohit Of Manlets and Men MSCW Capable_Onion Infinite LDAR Sparrow's Song TheGoodGuy CelticTruecel Smallondick basedskullcel2 BlackPill Scholar FrustratedWhiteMale Bob The Builder wereqryan Mik_TFL Gymcel25 Lonelycel RopeMaXXer Phallusy itneverbegan Gyros_Pretcel MaxZM98 Eskimocel suckdick GoblinVampire2 LastGerman EyesAreSoCold CaptainCuck SLAVICMorPheus Incellectual manija2019 FrailPaleStaleMale NigdySięNieZaczęło OverBeforeItBegan I HATE EVERYTHING JohnDcel TheLastSorrow BenBerger newlyawakened JoeyKhalifa Czes OMGFML _wifebeater_ Bullenbeisser1982 0fflinemode Astro1T Emba Wizard32 Ulquiorra kikecel Acherontia_Styx Rambocel Mulattocel TINMAN Arthas93 Nameless_Sunflower thenewdrunkdrivers Edantez ordinaryotaku Speedloader rightfulcel BOTTOMFEEDER iHateLife mylifeistrash latincell Hail The Bloatlord StainedCum Pigman zangano1 ihaveno1 FaceIsLife HeebJesus KFT thebuddhacel YogiBear Homoculus Ping And Pong UpsideDown ThisLifeKillsMe AmIjustDreaming Indari Hungry Hungry Hindu anon1822 Hell chesscel Twinkcel SchrodingersDick HopefulRelaxation outherebrothers Orkcel King_of_morons Vorbei alwaysnothing IlIlllllIlIl Descartes gypsyboy usernamesevn Adamhastor FidelCashflow Ibuprofen 600mg PavelPrzenioslo deeptroat Glokta itsogrecel OpticalRape Barry inceldaygamer_ happiless SkinnyBaldcel deafcel Rassimov Goycel Atavistic Autist kvn PEETER Dregster666 the black dog imbored21 Uther JohnnySalami Virginp0wers leafmanlet HyperVersager_4EVER NothingMatters88 LoveN1 dragonbro Murdoch89 Mega Coper Aspiecel blond_elf_bard Aribaa Kent Darth Cialis grondilu SupremeG Weed Kapitulierennein PolishMisanthrope Mogged Loner Iwanttolive theundeadburg Player gymletethnicel GoyimWithAttitude mental_out ThouShallObeyKing Sportbro mentalcel666 blitzmid123 BrendioEEE Scum Juan LiterallyASoyboy LOLI BREEDING Midwestcel futureabstract Sleeper PPEcel HidekiTojota LitVirgin GeneticDeadEnd ThirdWorldcel
It's not meant to be taken that literally. By "white man" I mean the way that whites generally think as compared to others. For example, European nations were the first to ban slavery, at least in modern times or to recognize individual rights. While most other types of peoples have this general idea that might makes right and it's reflected by how they run their countries and how they lived prior to contact with Europeans.The idea of democracy and individual freedom is a purely western idea. In most other cultures, the strong have rights and everyone else has the right to do as they're told.
